
　　
　　
　　

　　



　word of god
         
         
         The GeYiMin











All rights reserved

Books in the edition catalog TTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
 
＾wordofgod￣/author ge yimin
Hong Kong: four seasons publishing co., LTD., 2014.09
ISBN 978-988-1376 2-1-3

 
Producer: ge yimin responsibility editor: pay off
Design: tian feng executive editor: stone
School pair: mei yan

 
Published: four seasons publishing co. LTD
Address: room E, 3 / f, Po cheong building, 148-154 nam cheong street, Kowloon, Hong Kong
Plate printing: jiamei printing co. LTD
Open book: 787*1092mm 1/32
Prints: 15 1/8
Word count: 1000,000 words
Image: 6
Edition 1: 2023
Bar code: ISBN 978-988-13762-1-3
　　
Fixed price:120 hk $200 us $25


All rights infringement must be investigated

Orders to record
Chapter 1 vision book	1 hh
Chapter ii apocalypse book	19
Chapter 3 the book of god	233
Chapter iv the book of love 	28
Chapter 5 the ashes book 	31
Chapter 6: spirit 	36
Chapter 7 the book of eternal life 	407
Chapter 8 the kingdom book	´.55h39
Chapter ix political economy 	59
Chapter x the Christian communist manifesto 	65
Chapter 11 the gospels 	9570
Chapter 12 Quotations 	112
Chapter thirteen: the biography 	129
Chapter 14 the story of Geyimin 	131
Chapter 15 ＾wordofgod￣ news 	155
Chapter 16 the testimony of the god of kris 	157
Chapter 17 GeYiMinism 	159
Chapter 18 social production and the Internet revolution	´´..170
Chapter 19 World Government and the World of Datong´´´´´´´..´´..185
Chapter twenty the book of paradise 	194
Chapter 21 Political Talk 	200
Chapter 22 psalms	..3358
Chapter 23 diary	350
Chapter 24 the letter book 	375
Chapter 25 the testimony of saints 	405
Chapter 26 ge hua discourse?	428
Chapter 27 comments on the net	446

 
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
Chapter 1 vision book
　　Truth: I am god; hear him.
　　
　　Vision receives messages from god or angel through dreams or dreamlike experiences. Many in the new testament and old testament saw visions. Jacob saw angels descending and coming and going on ladders leading to heaven and earth. The prophet often received messages in visions, such as Isaiah's vision in the temple: "in the year of king uzziah's death, I saw the Lord sitting on his throne."
　　Zechariah (father of John the Baptist) also saw visions in the temple. The angel gabriel told him that Elizabeth would have a son. The magi were instructed: do not tell herod that they have found the baby Jesus. And Paul saw in the vision that he was taken up into heaven. The vision John saw was recorded in the book of revelation.
　　Vision is the revelation of god that man is commanded by god's holy spirit, sometimes seeing special phenomena, and things that do not exist in this world, or experiencing strange situations.
　　The meaning of vision includes not only the supernatural vision, but also a kind of transcendent understanding in the subconscious, and even a distant image or vision from the reason. And so a commission, a burden, a sense of purpose, a dedication to the work of god.
　　1, young, dreaming of lying in the open space in front of the house, a UFO near overhead, for a long time, the body can not move, no power, only to watch the UFO, a little panic, conscious of trying to shoot a stone UFO. I felt it would fall on me, and a bright light shone on me and gave me strength.
　　Young, asleep in a dream on the bed, a ghost (satan) close to themselves, a man in black, very scared, it came to the bed into my body, and left, and I seem to be watching it in the air nearby.
　　3. Primary school, shortly after grandpa died, I dreamed that grandpa met me on the river near the village. He seemed to float on the river, telling me that he was not dead.
　　4. In high school, I dreamt that I defeated the antichrist -- European countries, one after another European countries were connected or captured by the god of kris, and one after another were pushed and pushed on the map like a puzzle of the ground, and finally all belonged to the god of kris.
　　In April 2001, Paul dreamed of taking a boat to Sao Paulo, Brazil, to preach back and forth. God made me like him. God was called to be a prophet.
　　In the autumn of 2001, in a dream, god said, "I am god. Listen to him." I woke up immediately and felt amazing to "refer to ge yimin" when my wife and children were at home. "(kris was anointed as god).
　　7, 20020525, satan in dreams was expelled from me by god.
　　8, 20020629, just fell asleep, half awake, listening to the holy spirit whisper: "soon."
　　9, 20020827, the vision in the Alma mater campus (nanjing university) went up into the sky, god said, "I am god, listen to him."
　　10, 20041114, different dreams climb a high platform, in the broad platform, open a road to the sky, the road immediately golden radiance, the road is horizontal, but the voice told me that it is the sky, a little girl with witness. In the dream, the zenith opened a well - like mouth, with a purple light like a waterfall. In the dream, the sky was full of lights. Nobody could open it.
　　11, 20050215, the dream in the agricultural capital of jiangsu province office upstairs in class, out of the sky outside from the third floor, there are vast expanses of the throne of forehead, walked to the front of the throne, pointing to the GeYiMin god said: "this is my beloved son, in whom I am well pleased to listen to him", then down to the street, when they looked, said: "this is the sin of youth".
　　12, 20061120, different dreams in zhenjiang city center square was lifted to the sky, the body was suspended vertical rise, 3 days after the resurrection and fall, there were many witnesses, the whole process was silent.
　　13, 20070606, dreamt that I was the son of heaven and had done many roles. My brother called me brother. 2070607, dreamed of creating a hairless duck, said: "" to have hair," "and then there was hair. H said I would not do it, but kris god said yes.
　　14, 20071222, a dream, came to the hell, hell is the long pipeline, a few people new to hell, go into the long pipeline, immediately closed before, during, and after that several people, that is to say, this a few people always within the space of about 10 square meters, pipe room is a rectangle, with a small corner, this design must be afraid they're too boring. Hell is terrible, because it is always confined in this small space, thinking of the heaven is really happy, vaguely there is a message that the goblins stay in heaven.
　　In a dream, the flesh of god rose slowly up to heaven, becoming the sun that would shine on the earth.
　　16, 20080323 (Easter), the morning of a dream, first tested, suffering. The glory that was to be attained soon was foretold. After the global people all saw geyi people god in their side up into the sky, into the sun, the earth, and then update the earth, and then back to the earth, by the star welcome, at this time, the earth has been a paradise.
　　17, 20080523 dream: in my dream, I ate the bible and the ＾wordofgod￣, which is the Hong Kong version. I ate several pieces of the book, without feeling the taste. I finished one roll. I felt three rolls, so I continued to eat the second roll.
　　18, 20110519 dream: I am an alien. Several companions come to pick me up in a UFO and say goodbye to their parents and uncle. They are working.
　　19, 20110906 dream-dream: many scientists calculated that the center of the universe is the god ge yimin (singularity), the United States sent an invitation.
　　20, 2011 autumn dream: a voice said: your working years from 1982. "(god was 13 years old when he was first tried.)
　　21, 20111219 dream: the sun is getting red like blood, and the next day there will be disaster. God asked me to organize the communist society in the age of the apostles, so that we can pool our wealth and distribute it according to the population to cope with disease and famine.
　　20111225 dream: god has given me the gift of healing. Whoever touches his hand will be cured.
　　23, 20120408 (Easter) dream-dreams: a voice says, "you are not the earth" (not the dusty body, but the spiritual body), and comrades are expecting this god to appear.
　　24, 20120611 dream-dream: I am a superman, omnipotent, doing a superman of things, many with previous work and life related, but the human thought that god is not enough, expect me to new ACTS, they and I do not know. The person I love most in my life, han qinfen, is still waiting for me, she sits quietly at the table, I met her parents, and then called her: "is han qinfen?" She said yes, and I told her mother I knew it was her by the sound.
　　25, 20121030 dream: Obama was attending the presidential debate, I was sitting next to him in a red shirt, because he outshone me, and the staff asked me to leave him.
　　26, 20130105 dream: I am Jesus, I gather disciples like Jesus, my disciple is even weaker than Jesus, but great achievements, become entrepreneur shoe king.
　　27, 20130423 dream: all schools around the world are having the same class. The teacher wrote the class name on the blackboard -- "ge yimin, our god".
　　28. In the autumn of 2013, my father died of illness. He did not die.
　　29, 20131126 dream: the death of political parties 20 years later (2033). Harmonious communist society, mankind peace mutual aid management, no longer need dictatorship party.
　　30, 20140112 dream: explain to a group of nurses the Gospel, the Gospel is love, namely do not fight with anyone, did not have a war, did not even have a fight to throw a fight, everyone is brothers and sisters, equal love. In particular, I explained to a near former nurse that god, my name, was god ge yimin, Gods are people, Gods are people, Gods are you, Gods are me.
　　31, 20140113 dream: all things are used by me, but I am not controlled by all things, including god, god is bigger than me.
　　32, 20140211 dream: after eating a bowl of porridge, the porridge is covered with a layer of bowls, showing: "call for the name of god ge yimin".
　　33, 20140213 dream: resurrection and omnipotence.
　　I raised my father and brought him back to his uncle. Resurrect the grandmother, let cousin zhu weiqing lead her home.
　　A female clerk handed me two fully written statements, saying that there were no blank ones. I held them in my hand and immediately came out two blank ones for her. A girl had a sore left arm. I shook her left arm a few times. When I shook her, she said it hurt. She said it doesn't hurt anymore. I said it won't hurt any more.
　　All in all, I waved my hand and made something out of nothing.
　　34, 20140625 dream: the god of kris is the classic, and the classic is the god of kris.
　　My brother and I are going to build a bridge. Measure the size of the old bridge. It is 42 meters wide and 12 meters long.
　　My father is still alive. He has seen him many times and tried to hold him. He really has a soul. My magic master came to my house in great style, and I returned to my hometown in good condition. All my dreams have come true. Two days later, xu qian dreamed, lying on the bed, in black, and raised his arm. Two days later, it seems that li Juan accompanied me to sing amazing grace.
　　37, 20140926 dream: the end of the world is new heaven and new earth.
　　"Today is the end of the world. Tomorrow is the new day. Tomorrow is the new day.
　　I was a member of the standing committee of the political bureau. Several members of the standing committee of the political bureau were lined up on the street. There were others standing beside them.
　　39, 20150825 dream: I was in an empty house, like the sun, and east and west. The house is like a big clock. When people see me, they know the time.
　　40. 20151112 different dream: human beings have achieved eternal life, as the goal of human beings has been achieved, and as human beings, it is no longer meaningful. Therefore, they have evolved into new species, which I call "geyimin".
　　41. 20151220 dream: gush the living river. Different dream at the Alma mater nanjing university, female students 8 south, the east of the international students' dormitory, mouth spray river, like the dragon king spray water. Some of the girls struggled to move rocks and I wanted to help with buoyancy. To the southwest of our 11 she, in front of a few students spray water, students curious to say is what, I say miracle.
　　42, 20151222 dream: China reunites the world, and European countries become a high-speed railway platform in China. It is written in Chinese: Italy east, Spain west.
　　43, 20160220 dream: in my dream, I asked a pig who was lying on a small table to say "Lord". It even said "Lord".
　　Like Jesus, I am completely under the control of the holy spirit, and I act under the command of the holy spirit, so I can distinguish between false and infallible.
　　44, 20160505 dream: walking on air. In my dream, I walked on air twice in the bathroom from one side of the bath to the other. At that time, I also claimed to be lingbo weibu. Many people were present and were very surprised.
　　45, 20160528 dream-dreams: immortal soul, my girlfriends and brothers.
　　Dream of the dead father, I pinch his hand, ask him pain? He said pain. I let him pinch my hand and it hurts. Then I asked him if he ate? He says eat, I ask eat what? He said my mother cooked noodles, made cakes, I said how my mother did not find less, he said the soul eat things, things do not reduce.
　　Back home, in the house, a woman and I were sitting on a bench. It seemed to be sitting on my lap. I slept on the ground outside. When I woke up, a woman in red sat beside me. I told her to go. I later wondered if they were my wife.
　　I dreamed of being a brother in college. My brothers left me a lot of cigarette butts in my cigarette box.
　　Ge yimin's vision: true or false king.
　　In a dream, X and P, while walking and kissing each other three times, X said, "is the daughter-in-law". Sitting in the corner, I said, "my son is older than me. After someone let me into a room, said I should not say, I said casually, did not consider. They pricked my neck and head with a needle. It didn't hurt. It was acupuncture.
　　Later a girl took me to walk in the street, I see the two of us, said should scold, scold and beauty. She told me to take me to a university, to the college dormitory, I asked her to buy something for me to eat, she asked me to take my long purse to her.
　　I realized that X is a fake king and kris is a real king.
　　47, 20160622 vision: sun and savior.
　　Dream: when do you need the sun most? The darkest hour; When do you need a savior most? The most helpless time. A row of houses in front of me, in the dark, I rise and shine like the sun, like the saviour of the world, because my seal has not yet been lifted, hit the wire block.
　　48. Vision: creating a new era.
　　In my dream, I made all of us very happy. It was set on January 1, the first day of the new millennium, when the red sun shone all over the world.
　　49, 20161201 vision: "out of Egypt". Different dream, people trapped in the basement of a huge, roof is in danger of collapse at any time, I knocked down a window and find out the channel, along with the original agricultural capital of jiangsu province colleagues, I let a colleague last Wang Weijun tell everybody, from exports, came out to see the vast heaven and earth, in the distance a row of buildings, immediately find the scenery pleasing to both the eye and the mind.
　　50, 20161225 vision: "the great flood". In a dream, there was a big flood. We were in the wild. At first, we were up to our ankles.
　　51, 20170210 vision: in my dream, I cycled on the road of running cow (the former workplace) in wujin, changzhou, and heard people singing "ge yimin -- god". Then I saw two thick books "ge yimin -- god" written by Australian people at a bookstall in zhenjiang mengxi square. Later, the film crew went to my hometown to shoot the film "the legend of ge yimin".
　　In a roadside stall, a blind woman asked me for money, I gave her some MAO zedong, she touched the number, next to a woman said 400, I said to the old woman, you see, she said I do not see, I said you see, she said she saw. Then she became young, and the two sisters carried her. She could no longer walk.
　　Vision: in my dream, in front of my hometown, I announced the realization of communism in the world at 20191001. It was the 70th birthday of the great republic.
　　Vision: water walking.
　　In my dream, I walked quickly on the pond duckweed and floating grass, walking across one pond after another, walking with great speed and treading on the ground.
　　54, 20170702 received enlightenment: ge is a myth
　　Truth: I am god; hear him.
　　God says listen to the kris, the kris, the ＾wordofgod￣s (god's word), the myths.
　　The word "supreme" can be used in any of the four forms of address, because the word "kris" is a myth and the word "kris" is a myth.
　　Jesus Christ,
　　Prophet muhammad
　　myth
　　Ge's job: myth.
　　55, 20180505 vision: each take what he needs.
　　In my dream, I got a platform of bananas and they were listed for free, and people got them, and then there were some other things that were listed for free. I made all sorts of things in the empty space with my bare hands. After the color television refrigerator, a young man left and right hand, free of charge.
　　56, 20180529 vision: my son and I have received the message that I am a saint of crape myrtle, and I have sent a decree to take the world's first step.
　　57, 20180827 vision: ge yimin network announced the advent of the divine kingdom
　　On the front page of ge yimin's official website, there is a whole picture. On the top is "there is no disease under heaven". Here are the six supersized words "the kingdom of god is coming," and the message is sent to everyone in the world: "I am god, and you shall hear him."At this time has entered the kingdom of heaven, to heaven.Below the small words, links to the original home page of the site.
　　One day, I was 60 years old, and I was eating hot pot with some young people, but I looked very young, and humanity achieved immortality.
　　58,20181017 Vision: In the dream, the godsend cardboard, the name of the savior of the book, the circulation of the people, the name is not my name, but refers to me Ge Yimin.
　　59, 20181027 Different dreams: God-given vision, clear five words: "Ge Yimin God."
　　6020181111 vision: Adam and Adan.
　　In the dream, he is the last Adam, the young Adam, the Eve is only 5 years old, I seem to carry her.
　　After becoming an adult Adan, Eve gave birth to me, I can have her lover, I do not call the Creator God, call God.
　　61, 20181203 vision: red sun and peach.
　　In the dreams, the students chased me, I became the red sun, and the students became stars and surrounded me. I became a Jade Emperor, and there was no one to give everyone a peach. It was made by the rock wall.
　　62, 20181223 vision: three religions.
　　In a different dream, you have to glimpse the book of heaven, see a passage on the future of Islam, black and white, and Buddhism and Christianity are the three religions, and the three religions are the same.
　　The dream is realized. In my hometown of Jurong, I celebrate the festival, feast the guests, and show the film in front of the house. The screen is huge.
　　63, 20190104 different dreams: no matter who, such as power outages, as long as the heart of the "geyimin" seven-letter name, you can continue to use electricity for 5 minutes.
　　64, 20190108 different dreams: the Republic of China.
　　It seems to be back to the first year of Heisei. Because it has become a god, it is invulnerable. I am alone in repelling the torrent of steel. After passing through Shandong, I entered Hebei, entered Tianjin, occupied Beijing, raised the flag, lined up with me as the center, held the founding ceremony, and established China. The Republic, clarifying that our cadres are treated like the people, with only a little work subsidy.
　　65, 20190128 vision: the end of the world (New Heaven and Earth) Jinshan Fengshen
　　In a different dream, a lifetime of mountain climbing, primary school Pingdingshan, University Zijingshan, work Jinshan. The end of the world (New Heaven and Earth) has arrived. It is completely joyful to sing, only singing, about my praise songs, the praise songs of the unification world, and the world stage center. All dreams have been realized, only happiness, complete happiness. I bought a bottled drink, a drink, and bought two meat bags that I bought every morning, 3.2 yuan. At π3.14159 265358 979 32 384 626 (a lion and a pot of wine on the top of the mountain, two deer dance, eat wine, kill, kill, Lele.)
　　66, 20190213 Vision: Creator.
　　In the dream, I am the Creator, resurrected everyone, the one who died after I was born, the person who died before on this earth, on another earth, because of my divine power. @穂篆 is around. My father who died died to talk to his grandfather's house.
　　67, 20190521 vision: Ge Yimin
　　In the dream, in the early morning, walking on the street, the sky suddenly brightened. I said that the sun came out. A man on the side said that it was the star. I saw the sky on the west side of the sky. A big star on the right side of the moon is Ge Yimin. Soon the sun came out, on the right side of Ge Yimin. The sun is red, Ge Yimin is the same as the moon, white. Ge Yimin has 4 moons and 2 suns. It is located between the moon and the sun. The brightness is higher than the moon and second to the sun. Samsung is hanging, and there are some strangers and some fears.
　　Ge Yimin, round, big, white, like a big silver plate hanging on the western horizon, beautiful.
　　Ge Yimin, the bright star, the son of the morning.
　　68, 20190605 Ge Yimin Vision: In the wild dream, in the wild, wearing the old rubber shoes of Jesus, the gray-black without help, walking along the path of Jesus, walking around the field.
　　69, 20190630 vision: the door to eternal life to me is a narrow road, no one left. The gate of eternal life is a huge mountain gate, with walls and doors, high and large. In front of my eternal life, the road formed several narrow roads, but no one left, not even one.
　　70, 20190715 vision: To Marx, Engels smoke.
　　In the different dreams, in front of my Jurong old house, two suits, first sent to the standing Marx a cigarette, sent to Engels sitting on the bench, he took (grab) in his left hand, the right hand immediately took The smoke in my hand is on fire. Engels smoked his movements. After he flipped his right hand, he took a few mouthfuls. The rest gave me a pump. I was curious as to why he didn't smoke. He found that his left hand was burning with smoke. What was originally given to me was my smoke.
　　71, 20190907 different dreams: Ge Yimin became a god, greeted the bride.
　　The bride was arranged in a room. There is a voice saying: God gives everything to people, and people must not fight each other.
　　72, 20190913 different dreams: It is the turn of Ge Yimin to speak.
　　In a different dream, sitting in a room against the wall, a young woman came in and gave me a hot handkerchief, let me wipe my face, and then told me that it was my turn to talk, sitting in the middle of the house, watching me with long-term grievances. The default is my turn to speak.
　　I said, "What do I say? I want to say that communism can be realized today."
　　73, 20190914 different dreams: Ge God and God.
　　God said that Ge God stood in this position, God stood in this position, Ge God stood in the position of God, God had to stand in a secondary position.
　　74, 20191005 Vision: President of the World Alliance.
　　In the different dreams, I tried the last half of my life, as the "Fake Line" sang: "I want to go from the south to the north, I have to go from white to black. I want everyone to see me, but I don't know if I am Water." Today, I finally became the chairman of the World Alliance. "I don't believe that there is a devil in this world, and it is not against anyone. I am a dream and a soul. I am God's last agreement." New heaven and new earth have arrived.
　　75、20191115 vision: 4 saints.
　　In a different dream, in a cloud-covered mountain, the top of the mountains, the information, and finally to go out, first to find four of my saints, two Jiangsu saints, two Hunan saints.
　　I later thought that the two Jiangsu saints are Xu Qian (Jiangsu Jurong) and Han Qinfen (Wuxi, Jiangsu), and whether Hunan¨s saint is Li Juan (Sichuan Deyang, Hunan Province), there is also a Hunan Sheng Female, or the new four saints.
　　76, 20191127 Vision: Mountain climbing and listening to him.
　　In a different dream, when climbing a mountain, two steps away from the top of the mountain, I felt exhausted and couldn't board it. When I was in this position, I could ask the staff at the top of the mountain for help, so I asked for help. A man supported me vigorously, stepped up a step, and then stepped up to the top of the mountain, and asked me to take a photo with him. Because of the steepness and fear, I took a picture sideways, and then entered the mountaintop lounge. It seems that out of the mountain still needs your assistance.
　　Standing in front of the kitchen window at home, God said loudly: "I am God, you listen to him (Ge Yimin)." So three times, then there were children's voices: "I am God, you listen to him (Ge Yimin). "
　　77, 20200320 Vision: Marrying the Virgin
　　In a different dream, at the gate of my factory, I was waiting for the maiden from the original gatehouse, and the maiden Xu Qian came out to me, wearing a lilac shirt, beautiful and elegant feminine. The maiden Han Qinfen, the maiden Li Juan, and the maiden Hu Chunfang (barely). . . The virgin Xu Qian has a long dream.
　　78. 20201005 Vision: The Queen invites me
　　Then the king called in, my dad accompany me and told me to stay normal.
　　79. Vision 20201102: Health and Immortality.
　　In a different dream, during the Spring Festival, by the East Pond of my old house, my mother and I were present. Think, I appeared in the eastern sky and said: "You are healthy and have eternal life", and then everyone is healthy. The blind sees, the deaf hears, the mute speaks, the lame walks normally, and everyone is taller than 1 meter 65. .
　　I said in the sky: "The resurrection will come true". I resurrected my father and told him that he was resurrected and was healthy and eternal.
　　80, 20210225 Vision: Each does his best and each takes what he needs.
　　In a different dream, he has entered a communist society, each doing his best and getting what he needs. Xu Qian C gave me 2 cigarettes, Xu Qian B was joking at me, Xu Qian A was sitting, talking to people, she was most like Xu Qian, very delicate, I said to her, you have nothing to do all day, to Do your best.
　　I sing aloud in the street, singing for the society that everyone needs.
　　81, 20210315 Vision: The new crown virus is about to pass.
　　In a different dream, the new crown virus is like a yellow haze in the sky, pushed to the southernmost end of the sky and disappeared, making the sky blue.
　　82, 20210319 Vision: Existence beyond God.
　　In the dream, both the people and themselves saw themselves as beings beyond gods. I didn't know the name, and forcibly called it "geyimin".
　　83, 20210412 vision: I am the Christ.
　　In the dream, flying in the sky, calling out to the human beings on the ground many times: "I am the Christ", and the people who heard it cheered, and a new heaven and a new earth are coming. The two dreams in the early stage: "Calling the wind and calling the rain" and "Walking on the air" are not recorded separately because they are not enough.
　　84. 20210511 Vision: Crossing the Wall
　　In a different dream, at Nanjing University, the body passed through a wall with a stainless steel fence. An old classmate was present, Feng Ping.
　　85, 20210608 vision: Floating, becoming a god.
　　In a different dream, on a bus, the carriage floats in the air, that is, it is not restricted by the gravity of the earth. On the street, floating in the air, but still exerting force to rise and take off. In the end, he became a god, and Shenwang issued the highest instructions.
　　86. 20210728 vision: does the sky fall
　　In a strange dream, in front of my home in Jurong, manna fell. The whole air was full of flocculent food. As soon as my hands were squeezed, they became spherical cakes, which could be eaten.
　　87. 20210806 vision: World president
　　In a strange dream, he finally became the world president with three deputies: the secretary general, the president of the United States and the president of China.
　　I took off in the air and made my strength rise. The president of the United States flew higher in front. I was afraid of heights, so I no longer made my strength.
　　
　　We eat at the long table. My food is fried rice like that of civilians. American women serve me.
　　88. 20210929 vision: announce the earth man.
　　In a strange dream, Cheng Shen announced that he would go to CCTV first, wave his hand to control CCTV, and broadcast the TV news announcement in person. After that, he took off directly in the air and announced to the whole earth and mankind that because the sunlight covered my light, he waved his hand to hide the sunlight, and there was only my light in the whole air.
　　89. 20207 vision: two suns.
　　In a strange dream, two suns (the second sun, Ge Shen) appeared in the outside sky, and the sky doubled its white light against the branches of trees.
　　Three strange dreams in the early stage: "democratic Jesus", "take what you need (buy one, get one free, don't pay)", "Ge God is a blue light, shooting from the ground to the sky". Due to lack of space, it is not recorded separately.
　　90 、 20220502 vision: the second Cultural Revolution.
　　In a strange dream, at the gate of the second Cultural Revolution rally in Benniu Town, Wujin, the original place of work, someone also sent an electronic screen message: "anti Cultural Revolution rally". I also objected, but I wanted to see what was going on, so I joined. When I entered the meeting hall, the crowd was excited. I sat on the stone stool behind me. I was still a head of the department or something.
　　I had a strange dream in the early stage. I was with Li Juan and her mother. Li Juan's mother said I was the Savior.
　　91. 20220529 exception: Date satisfied.
　　
　　In a strange dream, when the big day came, I sang loudly in front of Jurong's hometown: "do you bow your head like me in the sun
　　
　　Working hard in silence with sweat "," do you not give up the life you want even if I am left out in the cold "," because I don't care what others say, I never forget my commitment to myself ". My uncle also sang his "silent hard work".
　　
　　The second floor of the old house was renovated. My cousin fengxinrong accompanied me. On the west wall of the house, there was a large tape recorder with music. The characters I wrote were pasted on it. It was very strong. At the back of the house, my family stretched out a narrow wing room. Xiao Rong asked me that the rear house base had retreated so much. I said, "mutual humility." I think of what my brother said: "let him be three feet." the world is full of love.
　　
　　I went to the front of the house again and sang loudly: "dark eyes and my smiling face, it is hard to forget the change of my face", and I woke up.
　　
　　Early strange dream: I told X that people live for 90 thousand years and take a two-step scientific method.
　　
　　92 、 20221009 vision: the trial was successful.
　　
　　Ge Yimin's social trial ended, the date was met, and a celebration meeting was held. Cai Guangyi, the former provincial manager of agricultural materials, asked me to give a speech. Zhu Jinfeng, the former colleague of Wellick, also encouraged me to go. At this time, I was filled with pride, and the atmosphere was warm and successful.
　　
　　Early dreams:
　　
　　(1) Know it all: Let former colleague Zhu Jinfeng write numbers or Chinese characters on paper, and I can accurately report what she wrote; Later, my brother was asked to write, and I also reported it accurately.
　　
　　(2) Distribution according to demand: firewood, rice, oil, salt, soy sauce, vinegar and tea are now to be bought in the supermarket, but the poor have difficulties. In the future, distribution according to demand will be available to everyone at the material station.
　　
　　93. It is often foreshadowed, for example, if someone says a word in an environment today, they will feel that it has happened before, and it seems like they have met before. In fact, there was no such environment before. I dreamed many times that I could get rid of the gravity of the earth. I dreamed that I could fly, sometimes flying over the city roads, sometimes flying straight down the cliffs. Because I knew that I could fly, it was a dream, and I would not fall to death, so I intentionally enjoyed flying and rushed down.
　　
　　94 Deuteronomy 18:15 "The LORD your God will raise up a prophet for you from among your brothers, like me, and you will listen to him."
　　
　　95. Jesus climbed a mountain and changed his face. Matthew 17:5: "This is my beloved Son, whom I am pleased with. Listen to him."
　　
　　(94 and 95 correspond to 6: you should listen to him).


Chapter ii apocalypse book
　　1. At first, the Creator, God, who was, is, and is forever, the only omnipotent who has his own forever, is the first cause. (Number 1)
　　
　　2. From the first day to the sixth day of creation, God created heaven, earth, water, light, air, sea, grass, vegetables, trees, sun, moon, stars, fish, birds, livestock, insects, wild animals and people. Material (2): Tai Chi gives birth to Liangyi, Liangyi gives birth to four elephants, and four elephants give birth to eight trigrams. (Number 2)
　　
　　3. On the sixth day of the creation of the world, God created man with dust and blew life into his nostrils, and he became a living soul. Soul (3), Tao generates one, one generates two, two generates three, and three generates all things. (Number 3)
　　
　　4. From the seventh day of creation to the fourth year BC, human beings abandoned God, sinned, and the law era. (Number 4)
　　
　　5. From the fourth year B.C. (the birth of Jesus) to 1914, angels bound Satan, Christ became king, and the gospel was spread to the world. (Number 5)
　　
　　6. From 1914 to 2019, Satan was released, which confused all countries. Human beings suffered many disasters, including World War I, World War II, Cold War, local war and terrorist war. Satan's number is 666 (Revelation of the Bible), (number 6)
　　
　　In 1969, Ge Yimin God came into the world. After a long trial, he was ready to defeat Satan.
　　
　　7. Daniel 12:11-13: "From the time when the regular burnt offering is removed and the abominations of destruction are set up, there will be one thousand two hundred and ninety days. Happy will he be until one thousand three hundred and thirty-five days. Go and wait for the end, for you will rest. At the end, you will rise up and enjoy your blessings."
　　
　　8. The two dates have 2625 days in total. According to the law of "one day equals one year" (God prefers to punish people by one day equals one year. Ezek 4:6: One day equals one year; Num 14:34: One year equals one day.), this period is equivalent to 2625 years.
　　
　　9. "Take away the regular burnt offerings and set up the detestable things of destruction" is the end of the theocracy. There is no visible country on the earth that represents the theocracy, and all are ruled by foreigners, that is, the subjugation of Judah.
　　
　　10. At the beginning of October 607 B.C., the sovereignty of the Jewish state had been wiped out. At that time Gedaliah, the governor of Judah set up by the Babylonians, was assassinated. All the remaining Jews fled to Egypt. (Chapters 40-43) Reliable biblical chronological data show that this event occurred 70 years before 537 BC (the year when the Jews were released and returned to China), that is, in early October of 607 BC. (Jer 29:10, Dan 9:2)
　　
　　11. From early October 607 BC to December 31 607 BC=1/4 year
　　
　　January 1, 606 BC to December 31, 1 BC=606
　　
　　January 1, A.D. 1 to December 31, 2018=2018
　　
　　January 1, 2019 to early October 2019=3/4 years
　　
　　Total: 2625 years
　　
　　12. So in 2019, the end of the world (the end of the period) will come. Ge Yimin will become the king, end the rule of foreigners, and establish the kingdom of God (the communist society).
　　
　　13. The Revelation of the Bible clearly indicates that the Last Judgment will come after Satan has been thrown into the lake of fire forever, and it is related to the number 7, the seven churches, the seven spirits, the seven stars, the seven lampstands, Jesus lifting the seven seals, the seven angels blowing horns, and the seven bowls. People have souls (3) is the beginning of human beings, and finally 7. Satan's number is 666, and Ge Yimin's God is 777. (Number 7)
　　
　　14. In 2033 AD, Satan was thrown into the burning lake of sulfur forever. When God executed the judgment, Ge Yimin became the king, the new heaven and new earth, and the national era (communist society).
　　
　　15. From 2019 to 2033, human beings will become more and more happy, and the world will gradually achieve greater harmony.
　　
　　In early October 2019, Ge Yimin became a god.
　　
　　November 26, 2033, Datong World. (Section 29 of the Phantom Book)
　　
　　enclosure:
　　
　　1 [The famous poem at the top of Noble's prophecy is contained in Nochatdamas' The Centuries, Volume 10, Part 72:
　　
　　In July 1999,
　　
　　The king of terror fell from the sky,
　　
　　Which led to the resurrection of King Angrumore,
　　
　　During this period, Mars will rule in the name of happiness
　　
　　However, in another article (Volume 1, Chapter 48), Knowles wrote a wonderful and incomprehensible "concluding poem":
　　
　　20 years of the moon's rule has passed,
　　
　　If another object will form the kingdom in 7000,
　　
　　The sun will stop working every day,
　　
　　That was the end of my prophecy
　　
　　In the preface to The Centuries, Knowles once wrote that we are now at the age of 7000 (the 7th millennium).>
　　
　　1999+20=2019 ]
　　
　　2 The source of the prediction of the end of the world -- the asteroid hit the Earth in 2019
　　
　　China Aerospace News, September 2003
　　
　　Astronomers in New Mexico observed an asteroid numbered 2002NT7 on July 5. They calculated that the asteroid with a diameter of about 2-4km might hit the Earth in 2019.
　　
　　3 The source of the prediction of the end of the world in 2019: Ge Yimin was first published on the Internet Forum in August 2001.
　　

Chapter 3 the book of god
　　It would be good for the Lord god to refer to the god of kris.
　　
　　Omniscience, omniscience, omniscience, omniscience, omniscience, omniscience, omniscience, omniscience, omniscience, omniscience, omniscience, eternal and eternal. There are creators, rulers of the universe, revelers of truth, saviors of the electorate and judges of sin.
　　Fully aware that you are god, all-knowing, all-powerful and all-happy. In the eternal glory, enjoy the infinite eternal joy. Consciously experiencing nothing but me: nothing but me. This is the experience of god. I am the experience of god's state.
　　The creator is the greatest mystery facing all living beings, including man. The mystery cannot be uncovered or completed unless and until man consciously becomes one with the creator and realizes that he is one with god. God is the oneness of the creator and creation, and contains and transcends both in its infinite being.
　　4. Man and all things, though they cannot become gods, may ask the divinity to evolve into holiness, and evolve into equal divine power, to transcend their limitations and to shelter their limitations with the power of god.
　　Even if one is separated from one's parents, one will know (prove) the existence of one's parents and all things will know the existence of god.
　　God made man in the image of god, so that human nature is divine, and what is lacking in man is only the process of experiencing (god), just as what is lacking in a father is only the process of experiencing the father.
　　Whether man knows it or not, there is only one purpose in his life, and eventually he will realize it when he consciously experiences his own eternal and infinite "I am god" state.
　　The whole universe is the shadow of god and belongs to god, but god does not belong to the universe. The shadow of god comes from god, goes through infinite changes and returns to god.
　　God kris brings new energy releases, new awareness and new life experiences - not just for the few, but for all. This new infusion of creative impulse, through the medium of kris, is embodied as the god incarnate in a special sense. The god of kris is the first individual soul who has evolved and internalized into god. Kris is the only god who has appeared and will appear forever. The scientific exposition of goe people's god on the theme of god and the evolution of the universe is in line with the modern human mind.
　　10. In order to develop higher consciousness (wisdom), god ge is a necessary medium to achieve this goal. For this pure infinite intelligence (infinite mind) all stages of evolution and internalization occur, and when this wisdom is acquired, the entire creation realm is known to be illusory, great nothing. All journeys, all adventures, all events are dreams, for nothing has happened, nothing has happened, nothing will happen. Only god is.
　　11. When the first soul, god kris, testifies to himself, he immediately realizes the entire phantom world left behind by him. At the moment of enlightenment, god kris declared, "I am god, I am all things!" His path is always unique because he is aware not only of god but also of the entire creation world. "I am an infinite mind, and I am an infinite mind." So the child, after becoming a tao, has to carry on his own shoulders the infinite burden of fantasy in the creation world.
　　Saying "god is" is totally wrong. Only say "yes". To say "god is" limits him to these infinite manifestations. Connect "yes" to god and limit it. So only "yes" is true; But to describe reality, he is called "god".
　　13, GeYiMin god is the supreme reality, the only true slaughter, the highest nurturers, swearing, and contract supervisors, the creator of all things, he is free, no beginning, no end, eternal to benevolence to goodness, and punishments natural independence, omnipotent, majestic space-time and ubiquitous, absolutely and completely alone, total, majesty was again at the same time, shall be submitted to the good and evil, and liquidation rapidly.
　　8 logical reasoning to prove the existence of god :(1) all things have their source and their source is god.   All things move, and the first impulse comes from god.   (3) everything has an image. The nature of image is energy, and the core of energy is god.   Cause and effect are linked, and every fruit has a cause, and the beginning of all causes is god. (5) everything exists for a purpose, and the ultimate purpose is for god.   Life has a hierarchy, and the highest is god. All things are ordered, and the architect of order is god.   (8) all things move through each other, and the end of the sense is god.
　　It is possible to perceive the existence of god through spiritual awareness. Psychic awareness is an innate instinct. We must seek god and know god, otherwise we will never know the origin of the universe, the origin of life, the past and future of humanity. You can't even understand the instincts of animals and the purpose of life. The best way to know god is to open up spiritual awareness, and each person communicates directly with god.
　　Where is god? The quality of god is in the cool realm, and the spirit of god is in the universe.
　　Eight characteristics of god: uniqueness, formlessness, neutrality, ignorance, justice, mercy, power and wisdom.
　　18. The 8 major relationships between god and human beings: physical appearance relationship, intelligence relationship, affiliation relationship, cause and effect relationship, emotion relationship, distance relationship, induction relationship and correspondence relationship. What does god have to do with us? The spirit of our life is given by god, who created the universe for us and wants us to enjoy the joys of life to the fullest. Our life depends on god. Without god, there is no us. We can't enjoy a happy life without god.
　　19, god is love, god does not require people to fear it, but as the son of man, the fear of god is a person's duty, this is like nature, it does not require people to love it, but as a member of nature, love nature is due to some responsibilities and obligations and should embrace the mentality.
　　God deals fairly and justly with all life, especially with man, and anyone can talk to god if he wants to. There is only one way to talk to god, and that is through spiritual interaction. Therefore, to have a dialogue with god, we should first open up our own spiritual sense, which cannot be communicated through only sight, hearing, smell, taste and touch.
　　21, god never talk directly with humans, but by different dream vision, god's "discourse" implicit in the laws of nature, if use a word, god's "discourse" is the "tao", specifically speaking, god's "discourse" is the physics formula, equation in mathematics, biology, chemistry of the formula is the structural formula, biotics the causal... The translation of god's "words" needs wisdom, thinking and perception, calm state of mind, complete spiritual expression, as well as the fear of god, respect for god ge yi people, love nature, love life, love for human attitude.
　　God's judgment and election of the whole and the individual of mankind is conducted at any time and place, and is an immediate judgment, executed by the god of kris, and not executed or controlled by the Buddha or one of the immortal saints.
　　23, while the world's 2.3 billion christians still cling to the bible, the goblins are creating ＾wordofgod￣s closer to god. For god is infinite, and truth is infinite. God is the living god, always new.
　　Matter is illusory, suffering and sin are illusory, and god is the infinite divine principle of thought, soul, spirit, life, strength, truth, goodness and love.
　　If people believe in divine religion, the afterlife may evolve into an immortal god, but god is man's evolution.
　　26. The pursuit of direct experience of divinity is the transformation from materialism to mentalism. People believe that through positive and positive thoughts they can heal themselves and control their destiny. In this changing society, we find ourselves and balance ourselves by turning inward to experience.
　　27. 70% of people in the United States believe in religion, and 60% in Russia，，，，， Do they not know science? But in fact, their technology is more developed than us, because science has proved that the universe must exist in God.

Chapter iv the book of love
　　In the new testament, several different Greek words are translated as "love," and one of them, "Agape," means a love that is willing to be centered on others, and that does not require merit or reward. It is with this love that god loves all mankind, and his disciples are urged to love god and love one another with this love.
　　Jesus: "love one another as I have loved you. This is my command. Sacrifice your lives for your friends. (John 15:12-13)
　　1 corinthians 13 is called the chapter of love: "if I speak in the tongues of men and of angels, but have not love, I have become a sounding gong or a clanging cymbal."The last verse says, "there is faith, hope, and love now, among these three, the greatest is love."
　　Asked by a pharisee what was the greatest commandment in the law of Moses, Jesus answered, "love the Lord your god with all your heart, with all your soul, with all your soul, with all your mind, with all your heart. This is the first and greatest commandment. The second is the same: love your neighbor as yourself. These are the general principles of the law and the prophets. (Matthew 22:37-40)
　　This teaching of Jesus is the opposite of "wisdom", which is used to show that human wisdom often runs counter to that of god (Matthew 5:44).
　　Turn the other cheek to him. In the sermon on the mount Jesus taught his disciples not to turn away with violence. He said, "but I tell you, do not turn against the wicked.
　　In the time of Jesus, the Roman guards could force the people to carry their luggage for them. In the sermon on the mount (Matthew 5:41), Jesus taught his disciples that if a soldier forces him to go two miles with him. This phrase is used to say that one really wants to do more than one is asked to do.
　　8. The heap coals of fire on his head. In Romans > (12:20), Paul quotes from proverbs > 25 to teach us not to seek revenge. He said, "if your enemy is hungry, feed him. If he is thirsty, give him a drink. Because what you're doing is you're putting coals on his head." In other words, your enemy will be ashamed of what he has done.
　　God created the world to have an object of love, the object of his love, the object of his love. Like the foundation of a peaceful lake, in its deep source, human love is mysteriously rooted in god's love.
　　God is love. Jesus concluded the law to love god and love his neighbor as himself. God kris said he would not turn against anyone. Godfathers call each other brothers and sisters. God is urged to love one another, a love that is willing to be centered on others, and that does not demand credit or reward.
　　But now, what we lack most is love. Science does not care about love, it has no solution to the field of suffering. No matter what you need, just ask what you can buy. Social relationships become money relationships and family relationships are distorted by money. The closest thing to you is someone else, a lover of god (or at least not against anyone - Goethe).
　　Men have never known what they hate; hatred is inseparable from fear; we hate whatever we fear. Try to renew your thoughts and character and keep hateful and hateful thoughts out of your head. In this new world, which god promises, all men will be true to one another and will be brothers and sisters, for the human mind and body will become perfect.
　　Biblical golden law: do to others as you would be done to them.
　　The golden rule of ＾wordofgod￣s: [turn not against any man].

Chapter 5 the ashes book
　　God created the body of Adam out of the dust and blew the breath of life into his nostrils, and he became a living soul. But Adam, after all, had a dusty (physical) body and could not have the same limitations of spiritual life as god (spiritual), and to give real human happiness requires not only physical satisfaction, but also spiritual satisfaction. It is necessary to increase the spiritual power of human beings and overcome the physical power.
　　God created man as a son and did not for no reason prevent him from distinguishing good from evil. Man and snake were created by god and what the creator could do (eating the forbidden fruit).
　　The original sin of man is the body of dust, the imperfect body (of dust, like animals), and this is the limitation of man.
　　Ps 51:5 "I was born in iniquity, and sin was in my mother's womb."
　　The fetus has no sin, no thought of sin, only the body of sin (the dusty body).
　　Human beings distinguish animals from spirits given by god.
　　Human beings: a body, a soul, a soul and a beginning;
　　Animal: body, soul, spirit, beginning and ending;
　　Plants: a life without a soul without a soul has a beginning and an end.
　　People and animals are two different things. Animals have no such qualities as love, conscience, morality, spiritual need, fairness, compassion, sense of humor, creativity, sense of time, self-awareness, and taste. People not only care about the future, but also pass on the accumulated knowledge from generation to generation. If people are only higher animals, then a person's life, and even the whole human life will be meaningless, I really can't imagine a pig's pig live and the whole pig species have any significance.
　　5. According to evolutionary psychology, human nature is generally selfish and tends to pursue selfish interests by any means. Natural selection requires men to make frequent coitus with different women. According to this evolutionary concept, it is natural for women to have sex under certain circumstances. Even parental love is said to be genetically engineered to ensure the survival of future generations. This idea emphasizes that the key to ensuring the longevity of the human family is to pass on genes to future generations.
　　On the other hand, the bible and the ＾wordofgod￣ show that god did not create man for the simple purpose of having children. We are made in the image of god to reflect his attributes, especially love, justice, wisdom and power. When we combine the unique characteristics of human beings, we will understand why the bible and the ＾wordofgod￣ place human beings above animals. The bible and the ＾wordofgod￣ clearly show that god not only put the desire for eternal life in the hearts of the men he made, but also decided to create a new world of justice in which man could enjoy endless life.
　　7, Darwin's "on the origin of species" published in 1859, the world immediately become morally corrupt, no longer believe in god, influential persons think that tide weak leave the strong rise of claims to them, in the competition, the inevitable is better than a strong, sharp cunning or deceit weak will and trust of others, they concluded that people like jackals in India, but is a social animal, like a big name like jackals bullying, bullying is taken for granted.
　　If, in the garden of Eden, respectively, to the person directly good consequences and life, man should have without going through the suffering of the trial, there will be no spiritual growth, can not overcome the limitations of the body and dust will be self-righteous, people do not realize everything comes from god, not to the glory of god, ultimately the purpose of god's creation, people can not enter the perfect, can not find true happiness.
　　Then a serpent (satan, god's tool, created by god, controlled by god) entices Adam and eve to disobey god's command and eat the evil results of the good. Sin comes into the world through one person, and death comes through sin.
　　10. Now, under the effect of different evil consequences (fruit of wisdom), human material civilization has made great achievements, but humans still pay attention to the pitiful material civilization from the soil, which has no improvement in spiritual life, and the spiritual life is becoming increasingly vulgar.
　　"If you live according to the flesh, you will die; if you die by the spirit for the wickedness of the body, you will live. For whoever is guided by the spirit of god is the son of god." (ROM 8:13)
　　12, "what is planted is the flesh and blood body, and what is raised is the spirit body...   The first man is from the earth, from the earth... And having the form of earthy, we shall also have the form of heavenly... Flesh and blood cannot inherit the kingdom of god... The perishable must become the unskillful... The words of death swallowed up in victory came true... The sting of death is sin. (1 cor. 15:44)
　　The name of the Lord is the name of the doer, and it is tenses, history and present all for the purpose of testing man, to overcome the power of the flesh with spiritual power, and finally to give him the body of the spirit.
　　Sanctification refers to the spiritual development in the life of god's disciples. The holy spirit lives in believers, pointing out sin and changing their character. Man develops into a divine nature, rebuilds the fellowship with god, everyone brings glory to god, and finally god gets all the glory, so that the kingdom of god with love is completed, and god's creation plan is completed.
　　If you think that original sin means stealing a fruit like this, you are naive and underestimating god. According to the ＾wordofgod￣s, original sin = dust body.
　　The dusty body is not only right, it is also precious. Sin is not wrong, but it is out of sight, which is not what god wants, so try to be spiritual and live with god forever.
　　All that god has created is very good. Man's original sin, his dusty body, is not spiritual. Throughout history, god has been testing man's spirit to be with him forever.
　　Is it not a very small thing for god to judge satan? Satan is also a creation of god, but an instrument of god, all for testing man by the dust into the spirit to be with god forever.
　　God is omnipotent, satan is god's creation of the archangel, and later arrogant depravity, god created, in addition to god itself, everything from god, god created, sovereignty in god.
　　For thousands of years, mankind still did not believe, Jesus came to no avail, god MAO method. So we theologians take this stick and help god to make man spiritual.
　　The Christian interpretation of original sin is the same as the godless, but they believe that sin is not the dust body but the ancestor who ate the forbidden fruit. Jesus atoned for his sin, and by believing in him he was free from sin. We sin against the dusty body, and when we have a spiritual body, we are not to die eternal life.
　　You believe that only Jesus can forgive SINS, but you believe that and have no proof. Death is the separation from god, and sin is out of sight. There is no evidence that believing in Jesus, because Jesus is already atoning for his SINS, he is not guilty, he is not dying, he is with god, it's just that christians believe, and not so sure.
　　23, avoid sin and death. Just believe in Jesus. This is funny and god is boring. According to the theologians, the exoneration of the dusty body to the spiritual body is a process in which god is sought and satan refers to the sin nature of man.
　　An animal has a simple mind and does not know how to worship.

Chapter 6: spirit
　　He who believes in god must believe in god. GOD: the creation and ruler of the universe. Paul "so that we may receive the promise of the holy spirit by faith."
　　2. Lover, try to practice Agape. At least not against anyone. Jesus: "love one another as I have loved you. This is my command." Paul: "now there is faith, hope, and love. These three things, the greatest of which is love." God ge yimin: "not against anyone."
　　The future of the world is in the bible (former American President Ronald Reagan). You will continue to absorb knowledge, to know your only true god, and to know Jesus Christ, god of the people, whom you have sent, so that you may live forever.
　　Preach the Gospel, good news about Jesus and god. This is the great mission Jesus left behind, the work of the holy spirit. Jesus: "this Gospel of the kingdom will be preached throughout the world as a testimony to all nations, and then the end will come." Paul: "pursue love, and desire spiritual gifts, especially prophesying." God kris: "believe in god kris for eternal life."
　　Prayer, that is, talking to god, can be very formal, such as reciting prayers from a prayer book, or informal, such as stopping at a traffic light to think of god in an instant. Prayer can be silent, it can be vocal, it can be private, it can be public. The main purpose of prayer is to maintain fellowship with god.
　　6. Think about god, the act of god, the origin of the universe, the purpose of life, the problem of death, the future and eternal life.
　　Try is to choose. Let the holy spirit prepare you in various ways. When the last step is completed, god will put you in the right place.
　　8. Perform miracles. Some of the most important miracles in the life of Christ were: virgin pregnancy, resurrection and ascension. The bible is full of miracles, like the miracles of the sea, and the miracles of fire coming down from heaven and walking on the sea. Of course, in a sense, any interaction between god and man is a miracle, such as the divine image of kris. May the holy spirit give us the power to do miracles.
　　And god met in a dream. God said, "if any of you were a prophet, I would meet him in a dream." As Jacob dreamt of god on the ladder, so god of kris dreamed many dreams.
　　Revelation: the holy spirit tells people to think about the answer to a problem, such as telling you about your present unfortunate situation through strongly directed dreams.
　　An indication, for example, of an environment that you encounter today, and who says a word, you may think it has happened before, that there was no such circumstance before, and that is what the holy spirit prefigured in your subconscious.
　　Leadership. In the name of god, father and son, god the holy spirit, let us all believe in god, praise god, glorify god, and rebuild the garden of Eden on earth.
　　We are indeed destined to live in the world, and since the physical universe is constructed in such an amazingly skilful manner, I cannot conceive it merely to be a fact without reason.
　　The body is the same body, the soul the same soul, but a man belonging to the dust takes the body first and the soul second. A spiritual person places the soul first and the body second.
　　All these are god's plans. God had planned all the things for an infinitely long time ago. He had designed a wonderful plan of redemption because of his love. The god of the infinite, the god of the infinite, who looks upon us with divine eyes, has to suffer for the infinite integrity of the whole, it is his trial, it is his election, but he embraces man with infinite love, expecting him to do this and do that, to endure this and endure that, for it is according to the whole.
　　A heart filled with love becomes a heart of joy. Never let anything make you sad and forget the joy of the resurrection of Christ and the coming of god. I am not happy because I go out and look for what is inside. I have sought joy in all my pains, but joy is in my heart.
　　Discipline often paves the way for blessings, and if we accept it properly, it will bless us. God may punish and reprove, but he will never abandon man. He chastens with honesty, but his love never ends.
　　All spiritual growth depends on our hunger and thirst. When we seek to advance in spiritual life, may we not seek to increase our own spiritual satisfaction, but to be more pleasing to god and beneficial to man.
　　The way of god is the way he has been, and this is the way we are going to follow him. God will not let us go on paths that he himself has never taken before.
　　Nothing but god can satisfy the longing of an immortal soul. For the heart is made for him, and only he can satisfy it. With god's presence, all is enough.
　　The hour of trial is often the hour of blessing. Trial is our way of teaching our teachers in the pursuit of god.
　　When we are happy, we should not think that everyone is so happy. Think of and remember the pain of others. God has mercy on us, so let us also learn to pity others.
　　Trials, that is, not against anyone, that is the first pursuit of the mind, the second pursuit of the material, that is the communist society.
　　24. Try the soul:
　　(1) everyone does not fight against anyone. Notice, it's everyone, not you.
　　(2) fairness and justice, equality between the rich and the poor, everyone gets the same living conditions. Don't be so critical.
　　(3) if everyone has the same living conditions, it can be completely eradicated. Only money is the purpose of life now, so that we can get rid of the material and pursue the spiritual.
　　(4) spiritual ascension: find the original meaning and purpose of life, and solve the problem of who I am and where I will go, namely the continuation after death.
　　My solution is that the video series I tried for 28 years will be shown to everyone, and soon.I have not only thought, I have action, my long march. It's going on.
　　The present state of human beings is far from what I require. Teaching modern people who only pay by heart is spiritual, and casting pearls before swine.
　　The world is matter, consciousness, soul (god). Consciousness comes from the soul, but not from the soul. Consciousness is wrong. Consciousness is the combination of the soul and the brain.
　　Man must develop toward god; all men are gods.

Chapter 7 the book of eternal life
　　Almost everyone will wonder sooner or later, what purpose do we have in life, and who are we? Why are we alive? Why are we dying? Is there any posthumous deposit? What is our future? Philosophy and religion came into being.
　　Is the purpose of life simply to work hard to improve your living environment, to support the livelihood of your family, and then perhaps to live for seventy or eighty years and then die, and then never exist?
　　The oldest book of mankind says, "our Lord, our god, you are worthy of glory, honor and authority, for you have created all things, and all things are created for your purpose." (revelation 4:11) for us, the idea that there is a great designer god is very important, because he has created us for a reason and a purpose, and Jehovah means "minister".
　　There is one mystery that evolutionists still cannot fathom: although death seems natural and inevitable, humans are reluctant to accept it. In fact, the bible, ＾wordofgod￣ has long been solved, so that the truth.
　　The bible and the ＾wordofgod￣s show that death is inevitable because of human imperfection (a body derived from dust), but god has prearranged for man to live forever. "God places the consciousness of eternity in the hearts of men, so that what god has done throughout will never be explored." We will never recognize god's power. Ever since god condemned man to death, man has been living under the shadow of death, suffering, suffering and loss. And the animal never worries about future death, because it does not know that god did not put eternal consciousness in it.
　　In order to satisfy the natural desire to live forever and eliminate inner conflicts, people make up all kinds of reasons. Scientists are trying to solve the riddle of aging because they also want to reverse death, or at least extend life.
　　Evolutionists do not believe in true gods, and describe the desire for eternal life as an illusion created by evolution, because it contradicts their beliefs. They think people are just higher animals. On the other hand, the bible, the ＾wordofgod￣, points out that death is a human enemy, in keeping with our natural desire to live.
　　So, do our bodies and minds have any clue that we can live forever? Indeed, we marveled at the function of the human brain alone, which proved that we could have lived longer, and that life shouldn't be so short as it is in modern times. The brain weighs about 1.4 kilograms and contains 10 billion to 100 billion neurons, each of which is an advanced computer.
　　Everyone's mind is an amazing source of power. This organ is sophisticated and efficient. The more we know about the brain, the more we feel its potential is inexhaustible. Why should evolution create an organ of limitless potential for the primitive caveman, or even for the modern man of vision? Obviously, the only reasonable explanation is to live forever.
　　The theory of evolution holds that human beings are born naturally, without the aid of any intelligence. Are you really satisfied with that explanation? It is said that the human brain is the most complex object in the universe. Now let's look at the brain and see what we can come up with. Even the most advanced neural network-like computers can function as little as a ten-thousandth of a fly. The brain is much better than the brain of a fly. The human brain has the ability to learn language, repair, adapt and improve functions. You must agree that powerful supercomputers, though capable of only a ten-thousandth the capacity of a fly, must be intelligently designed. So what about the human brain?
　　Evolution is a hypothesis, and there is no reason why Darwin should have walked under the trees of East Africa's apes. We as the spirit of everything, can not be derived from the monkey brain, monkey is always monkey, man is always human. After Darwin published the origin of species in 1859, evolution gained the upper hand. People no longer believe in god, but human beings can't give meaning to their lives. No matter what happens in this life, death will eliminate everything, and no matter what happens to the deceased, it will never exist. Religion comes from death and gives meaning to life. People naturally have religious inclination, it is the needs of people, the needs of the soul.
　　The idea of the existence of god is so important that, without justifying his existence through the craftsman, the cause of everything, the first impulse, etc., he has now become your need, Sao Paulo: "if Christ has not been raised, what we believe is useless." If we fail to live forever, our lives are futile and meaningless. Is such a wonderful life meaningless? Of course not, therefore there is god, there is resurrection, there is eternal life. We live to glorify god, to increase the spiritual life, to overcome the physical life (like animals, from the dust, to the dust), for eternal life.
　　Twelve or three thousand years ago, before humans fully understood the wonderful structure of the human body and the molecular structure of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA), a biblical writer wrote, "your eyes saw me when I was an embryo." (psalm 139:14) who does he mean? Who is it that has the power to create the universe?
　　Our three kinds of life are living, material life, physical life, food, clothing, shelter and travel. Yu, awareness, thinking, social activities; Harmony, soul, soul, religion.
　　The greatest happiness is to be attained by solving our greatest pain (our own death). If death does not last, there is no point in living. It is a matter of resignation that one's life is terminated by death.
　　15. Damaged bones, tissues and organs can heal by themselves, and the body's metabolism will continue to grow. Throughout our lives, the biochemical structure of our bodies has been updated to almost nothing. When we have a spiritual body instead of a dusty body, the magical process of self-renewal continues forever, "death is no more," which is eternal life.
　　The purpose of our creation and life on earth: to believe in god, to praise god, to glorify god, to keep fellowship with him, to gain eternal joy in the heart, to be happy with god forever, and to be with god forever.
　　The created beings are subject to the conditions of futility, not by choice, but by god. There is hope, however, that all created beings will be freed from the bondage of corruption and into the glorious freedom of god's children.
　　Life as we know it is influenced, on the one hand, by the forms of the laws of physics, and, at the same time, by what seems to be an accidental coincidence, by nature, which sets actual values for the masses and strength of various particles. In a word, if we were to play god, we would find that the positioning of almost every handle would reduce the universe to an uninhabitable place, as long as we twirled a set of handles for various quantities and assigned their values. There are instances where it seems that different handles must be tuned to 100 percent accuracy, otherwise life cannot exist in the universe. In fact, even small changes in the current situation, which humans may not be able to detect, can have very serious consequences.
　　"God's tabernacle is among men; he will dwell with them; they will be his people. God himself will be with them. God shall wipe away all the tears from their eyes, and there shall be no more death, nor mourning, nor crying, nor pain. The past is gone.
　　20, the time is near, "and I saw another angel (GeYiMin god) fly in the sky, with the Gospel to the people of the earth, and will forever be tribe, each the people from all over the world, he said with a loud voice, fear god, give glory to him, because he has time to judge, should worship that created the heavens and the earth and sea and all the springs of water."
　　This is eternal life, to know your only true god, and to know the god of Jesus Christ, whom you sent.
　　"If you want to enter into eternal life, keep the commandments. Love your neighbor as yourself. If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell all that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven. (practice communism)
　　I have a body, but the body does not represent the real me. The body is just my body. The true self is my life, the true self of a man, to be observed in his speech and character. A man's "I" is the same, though he has sawed off his limbs. According to the physiologist, the metabolism of the body changes every seven years, so after seven years, my body is definitely not my body seven years ago, but the "I" that makes up this spirit is the same "I" when I am five years old as when I am seven or eighty years old. It can be seen that this "I" consciousness must have a permanent basis in me. Obviously, "I" is not matter, "I" is superphysical, matter can change, "I" is the original "I". The absence of a soul, other than a body, does not explain the origin of this "I".
　　Every man has a conscience, a reason, a religious idea, and a need for eternal life. This is the proof of the soul. "god has placed eternal life in the hearts of men," says ecclesiastes. Yes, we cannot capture the soul, but we can perceive the manifestation of the soul, namely, the lofty virtue, the great sacrifice of human beings, the moral and religious concepts, loyalty, friendship, love, faithfulness... All of these things are abstract, none of which is a sensation that matter can produce, not that an ape can learn. The manifestation of the body, everything is physical and sensory, so the manifestation of the mind cannot be produced from that part of the body. What is a brain? The brain is just a mass of matter. How can matter produce mental effects? If the soul is nothing but the brain, then all these peculiarities of human nature, which are beyond the spiritual functions of matter, become impossible.
　　But to be truly happy, immortality alone is not enough. We need something else. We need peace. In other words, we must be at peace with god and our fellow human beings. Such peace cannot be achieved unless mankind sincerely loves each other. The prospect of eternal life. Believe that god can make our imperfect life perfect and attain spiritual body. "Know that the Lord is god; He created us, not ourselves." Love will permeate the new paradise of yahweh's justice. God is to let his breath of life (soul) blow into the human nostrils against the material body from the earth, so that man may be sanctified and justified and glorified. Everyone brings glory to god, and finally god gets all the glory. At this point, the kingdom of god full of love is completed, and god's creation plan is completed.
　　We will never die, and we will reign with god forever. God has become our eternal sunshine. There will be god's name on our forehead, what does that mean? God's character in our forehead will no more be rebellious and sinful. The righteous people who have god's spirit in their hearts will dwell on this earth forever. Only those who obey god's commands can live in it.
　　When god is trying to redeem us, he is not trying to redeem us by using a magical power, by suddenly turning us into something that cannot be sinned. God helps us through all kinds of training so that we can be such people, so we have to work with god. So does the book of revelation not say that the true people of the late ages are those who keep god's commandments and have the faith of Jesus, kris and god?
　　It is a curse to live forever in a sinful world. Living in a world like this, isn't immortality a curse? No one wants to live forever in this world. We say eternal life is eternal happiness, can live in happy environment and condition forever. Only in this way can eternal life have value and become a blessing. Therefore, sinners cannot have eternal life, because in the world of sin there is no need to live forever. So, in this new heaven and new earth, we will be able to enjoy true immortality!
　　27. Through the understanding of the evil consequences of good, we can know that the so-called fruit of life, which is the same as the evil results of good, is also a kind of knowledge imparting to human beings, a kind of knowledge about life.
　　28. In terms of the soul, we must insist on the belief in god, which is mainly reflected in the devout theological knowledge. In the physical aspect, the knowledge of the fruit of life includes the knowledge of taking life science as the core, taking medicine, genetics, nursing, health preserving and so on. In terms of society, the knowledge of life fruit should include life philosophy, life ethics, life aesthetics, life law, life politics, life sociology and so on.
　　Common sense tells us that man cannot escape the fate of ultimate death. However, people are always reluctant to face the dark truth, they prefer to believe the myth of immortality. Ordinary people seem to be more inclined to pursue the so-called "fountain of youth", which has been continuously explored in the fields of science and medicine.
　　30, scientists are also working on the properties of many compounds in search of life-extending elements such as resveratrol (a substance found in grapes), rapamycin (derived from a bacterium found on Easter island) and proteins made up of the p21 gene. These proteins inhibit the formation of plaques in cells from other proteins that are linked to alzheimer's disease and may contribute to the development of cancer. In 2000, senex biotech was reportedly working on a drug that could achieve some level of inhibition.
　　The researchers also went on to analyze an enzyme called telomerase, which slows telomere atrophy. Telomere is a DNA sequence that gets progressively shorter during cell division until the cell eventually mutates or dies. The 2009 Nobel Prize in medicine was awarded to the discoverer of how telomeres and telomerase work. Recent findings also confirm the function of telomerase. In a study published in the journal nature in November 2010, mice were treated with telomerase and then implanted, a process that led to a miraculous rejuvenation. Technically, people have been able to improve their telomerase levels in various ways for years, but the technique has not been clinically assessed. Meanwhile, two compounds tested in humans have been put into use this year. The two compounds, SIRT1 and STACs, are two synthetic catalysts that mimic the caloric restriction effect. Experiments on multiple species have shown that this effect can slow down metabolism and slow down the ageing process. According to David Sinclair, a pathologist at harvard medical school in the United States, the species being tested included yeast, primates and others.
　　But overcoming aging problems can't be achieved with just one drug, says jay olshansky, a professor of epidemiology at the university of Illinois school of public health. "Resveratrol, telomerase, and the p21 gene are largely just on the surface," says alshannsky. For the past 10 years, no drug has been able to interfere with and alleviate aging in humans. Olshansky insists that the genes of those over 100 have a special function: they limit the ageing process. The New England centenarian study, the world's largest dedicated study of older people, is tracking about 1,600 centenarians and hundreds of their children. Olshansky, who was not involved in the study, said: "what makes this study so exciting is that we haven't seen results in many species yet, and we expect to see a big theoretical leap in seeing that the human body, as well as mice, can alleviate aging.
　　Scientists concerned with longevity think that the ultimate fountain of youth may be achieved not by chemical or biological means, but by technological means. Futurist ray kurzweil once predicted that nanotechnology could be one of the ways to achieve immortality. Nanobots based on nanotechnology can penetrate deep inside our bodies to repair damaged organs and tissues, thus prolonging the lives of patients. The secret seems to be coming to us."
　　34. Cell theory promotes the process of immortality. Because cells need fast fission to be effectively renewed and replaced for a long time, fission technology is also a support point for cells. For this reason, fission technology is the real guarantee of immortality.
　　35. Religious beliefs and myths.
　　Immortality means living forever, or being forever, which means not dying. Eternal life is a goal that many people have been pursuing, and it is also one of the main core ideas of many religions.
　　In the old testament, there were two magical trees in the garden of Eden -- the tree of wisdom and the tree of life. (genesis 3:22)
　　It is recorded in the new testament, 'this is the testimony that god gave us eternal life, and this life is in his son. He who has the son of god has life, and he who has no son of god has no life. These things I write to you who believe in the name of the son of god, that you may know that you have eternal life. Eternal life is in the day of judgment of god, and shall not be part of the second death (lake of fire). To live with god in the new heavens and in the new earth, for ever and ever.
　　The human brain has great potential. According to britannica, the human brain "has potential far beyond what a person can achieve in his or her lifetime." The brain can hold "enough material to compile about 20 million books, equivalent to the total collection of the world's largest libraries," the scientists said.   The extraordinary capacity of the human brain's "archival system", says a biochemist, is "absolutely capable of handling knowledge and memory acquired over a lifetime, even if it is a billion times larger".
　　38. Metabolism.
　　Cells in the lining of the gut are completely renewed every few days.
　　Every two months, the cells in the lining of the bladder are completely replaced.
　　Red blood cells are replaced every 120 days in the body.
　　No matter how many years you live, most of your cells are still very young.
　　It is estimated that within a year, about 98 percent of the atoms in the body will be replaced by other atoms absorbed by the air and diet.
　　In other words, as long as the body keeps its cells constantly updated, it can inhibit aging. If the problems of ageing and senility, disease, accidental injury, violence between animals and humans can be fully solved, immortality is within sight.
　　Unfortunately, however, diminishing replication is known when cells divide. Aging occurs when the length of the telomere at the end of the DNA gradually becomes shorter, which affects the correctness of the original DNA. However, once cell aging occurs, the process is irreversible. And there is no way to replenish the telomeres at the end of DNA. So overwork, increasing the number of cell divisions, is bound to age faster.
　　39. Genes.
　　Although flesh cannot be immortal, genes can reproduce to maintain an immortal state.
　　To be immortal is to live long and not to be old. Similar terms include Immortality (having an unlimited lifespan in the absence of external force), Immortality (not aging or dying in the absence of external force), Immortality (immortal) and Immortality (living but not dying in the absence of external force).
　　If it can remain constant, it is possible to be "immortal", but before the observation of everything in the world, whether there is life or heartless things, nothing is not always changing.
　　The new britannica describes the beliefs of certain ancient europeans: "a man of ability and virtue shall live for ever in a palace of gold and splendor." Not only that, some people do everything possible to satisfy the desire to live forever.
　　More than 2,000 years ago, China's "emperors and civilians, under the leadership of taoists, did not work but only sought the elixir of immortality," according to the American encyclopedia. It has been believed since ancient times that youth can be preserved by various medicines or even by drinking some water. Qin shi huang once sent xu fu to find the elixir of immortality. Legend has it that he arrived in Japan.
　　Modern humans are just as keen to satisfy their thirst for immortality. An obvious example is that scientists keep people who have died of illness in cold storage, hoping that in the future, if a cure is invented, the body will be thawed and brought back to life. This method is called cryonics."If our optimism is justified and we know how to heal or repair all damaged organs, including the decay of old age, then the 'dead' today will enjoy eternal life in the future," said one scientist advocating the practice.
　　There are a few scientists who believe that humans will one day be able to achieve immortality or even immortality through technology such as cryonics, genetic modification, gene repair, molecular engineering, nano-medical technology, artificial organ transplantation, advanced anti-aging drugs and other medical and biological technologies.
　　Eternal life is a state of immortality. Only god is intrinsically immortal (1 Tim. 6:16), and human beings must "hold on to eternal life" (1 Tim. 6:12). Immortality is the grace of god (ROM. 6:23). The apostle John specifically emphasized that eternal life is the high quality of life we must begin with now, even if we can only appreciate it in part: "know your only true god, and know the Jesus Christ you have sent, and this is eternal life. And this life is in his son. These things I write to you who believe in the name of the son of god, that you may know that you have eternal life.
　　"Now to the king eternal, immortal, invisible, the only god, be honor and glory forever and ever. Amen "(one 17 ahead of schedule)!
　　"...... The king of Kings and the Lord of lords, blessed and only in his power, who alone has not died, who is invisible and cannot be seen in the light that cannot be approached, to make him known. To him be honour and power for ever. Amen! (six 15-16 in advance).
　　Men and women are essentially corrupt and mortal animals: "and to Adam And thou shalt eat thy bread with thy sweat from thy face, till thou return to the dust: for thou camest out of the dust. "Dust thou art, and return to dust "(gen. 3:17-19).
　　God can and will make immortal those whom he has chosen: "when the perishable has become incorruptible, and the mortal has become immortal, then the saying, 'death is swallowed up in victory', is fulfilled. "(1 corinthians 15:54)
　　The first step from decay to immortality is to accept god's grace for our salvation in the Gospel of Jesus Christ, kris, and do as god asks us to.
　　"...... This grace was given to us in Christ Jesus before the ages, but it has now been manifested through the revelation of our savior, Christ Jesus. He has abolished death, and through the Gospel he has revealed an incorruptible life. (mention the latter 9-10).
　　From the point of view of quantum physics, there is sufficient evidence to prove that man will not really die, but only the human body.
　　Consciousness does not disappear with death. There are other "quantum messages" beyond the body, or "souls" as they are called. Conscious life constitutes the universe, and individual consciousness is a physical object. Time and space are tools of human consciousness. When the heart stops and the blood stops flowing, the physical elements are in a state of pause, but the human consciousness can still move. Death is just a superficial phenomenon for consciousness, but a kind of fantasy in essence.
　　Biocentrism is a kind of "parallel universe" in which everything that happens at the moment happens simultaneously in an equivalent multiverse. If we are thinking about time and consciousness, the other side of our consciousness will also be affected. When life comes to an end, when bodily functions cease, it will begin again in another world.
　　Immortality requires profound spirituality, as well as modern science, and the key is divine change.
　　Scientific and technological progress, human cloning, spiritual chip replication, human eternal life.Immortality is man's only value.
　　The superhumanist movement is a movement that hopes to use science and technology to merge the human body with machinery and completely change human beings and their life experience. We can achieve further evolution of human beings and possibly achieve eternal life. Overcoming death with the power of technology. That's a safer system for life than a robot. In the near future, we will be able to replace our eyes with bionic eyes so that we can see more clearly. We will slowly merge with machines, and eventually we will become robots.
　　Most human deaths are from organ failure, and now people have used machine hearts, and researchers are exploring 3D printed livers. Therefore, we are ushering in a new era, using bionics to achieve many organ transplants, which is a way to make people immortal.
　　Most superanthropologists are working toward this goal, and our goal is to be there in the next 20 to 25 years.
　　There are many ways to achieve immortality, such as replacing one's own organs with artificial or robotic ones, or using gene-editing techniques to reverse the ageing process. When we replace our bodies with machines, we give up eating, defecating or drinking. The human body is not a good condition for evolutionary survival, it is very fragile for conscious survival. Everyone has the right to eternal life.
　　There is no proof of soul immortality, no proof of body immortality, but proof that science is approaching immortality.The eternal life sought by the divine religion refers to the present world. There is no proof of death.
　　Eternal life is the dream of human beings. The rapid development of artificial intelligence enables human beings to see that the dream is becoming reality.
　　When the principle of consciousness is cracked, strong artificial intelligence is about to emerge and the door to immortality is about to open.
　　As humans enter the gates of eternal life, life memories will be preserved and the human soul will not be destroyed.
　　The eternal human beings no longer need money, all the wealth into the bubble, everyone is equal, the realization of communism.
　　52. If there is no eternal life (at least the soul < consciousness > eternal life), life is as meaningless as pig life. After a pig lives for several months, it will never exist. After a person lives for decades, it will never exist. Once a pig dies, it will never exist. The difference is that the life time seems to be much better than that of pigs, but decades will soon pass.

Chapter 8 the kingdom book   
　　1. In 26-11- 2033, god ge yimin is king to renew the heaven and earth, mainly to update the human mind (with the spread of ＾wordofgod￣, the human mind has been updated to be available to god).
　　We serve god without sin and praise him. Blessed fellowship between one another and the angels. Life is perfect, and the new heaven and the new earth are full of perfect justice and peace.
　　This is heaven, a paradise of sunshine (god's glory and illumination) and colorful flowers. From a religious perspective, it's very real, but that doesn't mean it's a space that our senses can find. Jesus used the analogy of home.
　　God will send everyone to heaven. Goblin god said Japanese devils go to heaven.
　　Mt. 22:2 and the kingdom of heaven is better than a king, who sets a wedding feast for his son.   And those men went out into the great way, and all that were seen were called together for good and for evil.   The table was full of guests.
　　5. Establish a communist society all over the world in 2019 with a divine lover like yourself.
　　6. The only purpose of the deists is to peacefully export the harmonious god values of kris to the world and strive to realize the communist society globally in 2019.
　　Jesus: "this Gospel of the kingdom of heaven will be preached and spread throughout all the earth where the world dwells, as a witness to all nations and nations, and then the end will come." Time is near, at the end of the program is god let us know that the word of god is the only home to human beings, let us pay more attention to spiritual civilization, let us to the divine, rebuild damaged by Adam and transportation of god, let us righteous holiness glory, everyone to love god and love your neighbor as yourself (at least not fight with anyone), the world is full of true love, all the glory to god, eventually all glory, god, built into the kingdom of god.
　　In the great day of the almighty god, the Lord will clear the earth of its evil and will make it a paradise. The earth will be full of happy people, and we will all praise the creator with one heart and one mind. There the people of god enjoy eternal bliss with god.
　　When all that is related to sin is consumed, the earth is purified. God then created a new earth for the redeemed people.
　　There will be no more death, no more weeping, no more pain.
　　There will be no more diseases in xintian and xintiandi, and all the people with disabilities will be cured.
　　Everyone should live and work in peace and contentment, and need not worry about living. All animals revert to a domesticated, herbivorous style.
　　There the immortal mind will find endless joy in pondering over the wonders of creation and the mystery of redemptive love. There is no more cruel and deceitful enemy to tempt people to forget god. All talents should be developed and all powers enhanced. The search for knowledge will not exhaust the mind or the spirit. There the greatest things must proceed, the highest aspirations must be attained, the grandest aspirations must be attained, but there must be new heights to climb, new wonders to praise, new truths to reason, and new purposes to call forth the intellect, the heart, and the body.
　　Eternal years shall bring us a richer and more glorious revelation of god, and of Christ, and of god, the state of grace, as knowledge develops, so also love, godliness, and happiness. The more one knows god, the more one admires his character. When Jesus and kris god explained to the people the abundance of salvation and all the amazing achievements in their great struggle against satan, the redeemed people would serve them with greater devotion and play the golden harp with greater joy. A million voices will sing praise together.
　　The great struggle for good and evil is over. There is no more sin and sinner. The whole universe is clean. In the vast universe, pulsating a harmonious pulse. From the god who created everything flows life, light and joy, filling this vast universe. From the smallest atom to the largest world, all living and unbegotten things preach that god is love in their pure beauty and their perfect joy.
　　Imagine the prospect of seeing those who have been missing, those who have been spiritually connected to each other, those who have been wanting to live together, those who have come to god because of us, and will be able to see them in heaven, around the throne of god. We will see the endless circle of the influence of faith from life to life, from heart to heart.
　　There we grow fields, we plant grapes, we manage beautiful fields, we build houses, we produce industrial products. But the labors of heaven are not as laborious as those of the earth. Those who are saved will gladly take up the task of bringing happiness to Adam and eve in the land of reconstruction. We will live like in the garden of Eden.
　　Our physical strength and intelligence will be developed, and all our talents will be enhanced. The noblest hopes and the highest aspirations will be realized, but there are new heights to be climbed, new wonders to be felt, new truths to be understood, and new materials for research that require the strength of the body and mind. No matter how our nature has changed through repentance and rebirth, it has not yet reached a more mature and measured character, that is, the complete character of god, so that the godless will grow ever more and more closer to the infinite character of god. But the growth is not only spiritual, but also physical, and as a result of sin we are much more unequal than when Adam and eve were created in the first place. The fruit of the tree of life, which exists for the awakening of all nations, will make the apostles recover and grow more.
　　Whenever you encounter trial or loneliness in this world, turn your eyes from the darkness of the world to the brightness of the heavens, and drop your love into the joy of the heavens. That way, you won't find the trials and disappointments of the world so unbearable. For you will think of your eternal hometown, the crown, the golden harp, the dear savior Jesus, the god of kris. If we are people who love Jesus so much, god as to sacrifice everything, then by the grace of Jesus Christ, god as much as we can go there.
　　To try to describe the kingdom of heaven is too poor and feeble. I was astonished when the sight appeared before me. Seeing both the splendor and the glory, I could only throw a pen and say, "oh, what a great love! What a wonderful love! The most superb words can not describe the glory of the kingdom of heaven and the great love of Jesus and god.
　　In the new heaven and the new earth, god will judge not the individual, but the dust of man, so that man may have eternal life, and all men will be gods.
　　Only the earth is real, and no other heaven can be proved, so we shall make the earth a paradise.

Chapter ix political economy
　　1. Now, the world has been globalized, and the human world has become a whole, especially economic globalization, as well as democracy, civilization, culture, art, Entertainment, games, film and television, music, sports and so on.
　　No country or individual can reject globalization.
　　2. Relying on each other's economic activities, global division of production, and flow of factors of production among countries, capitalist production and lifestyle led by the United States are expanding the world day by day.
　　3. Since the neoliberal era (1980s) began, the conditions of workers in many countries have gone backward, and economic crisis and financial crisis are inevitable.
　　Economic progress cannot be made at the expense of workers, because the economy is for the people.
　　4. Global integration, the disappearance of socialist countries, the weakening of communist movements, and the cancellation of social programs and social welfare have all brought serious consequences, which have been suffered by most people in the world.
　　New liberal capitalism is no longer suitable for the development of modern society; it cannot make all countries progress; the world's production and way of life must change. Visionaries are thinking about new world systems, mainly economic systems and democratic politics.
　　Although the neo-classical economics pursued by neo-liberal capitalism is still the mainstream of capitalist countries, it can no longer promote the progress of global and global people, but becomes an obstacle, and new economic methods must be studied immediately.
　　Globalization and neo-liberal capitalism have led to increasing polarization, a large number of poor people are suffering from increasingly tragic and hopeless conditions, and the environment is deteriorating in the developing countries, affecting people's health for more than it pays.
　　8. Although there are other kinds of labor, the mode of production in which private capital employs labor, and the relationship between labor and capital determines the global politics, economy and culture, the principal contradiction of neo-liberal capitalism cannot be avoided, nor can it be eliminated. Therefore, class struggle is inevitable.
　　The relationship of modern society is mainly the relationship between capital and labor, while the natural exploitation of labor by capital is the principal contradiction of capitalism.
　　10. The new liberal capitalism does not recognize the exploitation and believes that the labor and capital are all compensated in production, but the capital naturally pursues profits and pursues maximized profits, so it must try every possible means to maintain the minimum wage. This is true in many countries around the world, especially in the developing world, where private companies are working as long as possible and increasing the intensity of Labour to minimise wages.
　　11, while capitalism is inherently unequal, but some times, such as 30 years after world war ii, the workers conditions or improved, now, the developed countries conditions to improve the working class is good, including high and increasing real wages, reduced working hours, the improvement of working conditions, a wide range of social programs, and through the national and direct labor contracts to ensure important economic and social rights. However, in today's globalized world, working class conditions in the vast developing countries are unsatisfactory or even deteriorating, and many poor people are living in despair and see no way out.
　　It is an improvement that capitalist women's Labour moves from family to employment, but the state has to reconcile family responsibilities, such as using institutions and planning.
　　13. If workers want to improve their conditions, they cannot rely on the benevolence of capitalists, but rely on their own political and economic organizations to organize themselves and force the capitalists to change the pursuit of maximized profits and form a fair and reasonable labor relations, so that the society can be stable and harmonious. Let labor be mutually beneficial, because capital exploitation is serious, volcano can erupt eventually, capitalist also can be not at peace eventually.
　　We stand for the ultimate elimination of the exploitation of labor by replacing it with socialism, ultimately communism, and capitalism. Under socialism, production is no longer for profit, but for the needs of man and of all the people.
　　What is communism? In the simplest terms, communism is the joint ownership of the means of production, and co-ownership is the democratic control of the means of production. Workers have a democratic grasp of the means of production, that is, communism. The basic economic unit should now be owned by workers.
　　15. The political and democratic revolution of capitalism is a kind of communist revolution that gives the king's private property, the state, to the communist party. And if the private property of the oligopoly group is given to the communist party, then economic democracy is given -- all workers democratically elect the leader of the oligopoly organization, so that they can hire laborers to get rid of the situation that their living conditions are under the control of capitalists and realize liberation.
　　The fundamental meaning of communism is to realize democracy and freedom and achieve all-round development for all. Only when people get rid of the struggle for survival can they enjoy a better life, unleash greater creativity and push the society forward. Only when communism is achieved will the fate of mankind be in the hands of the working people. An economy under the democratic control of the worker, then, is free on the basis of the worker's democracy-no more market fluctuations, no more unemployment.
　　Communism is not far away, material conditions are at hand. Communism is based on mass production. Mass production can guarantee the needs of the people. The expression of material abundance under capitalism is market saturation - the demand of the people is all provided by the market system of production. Then the conditions for distribution on demand are met.
　　Communism is really just around the corner. All it needs is a revolution. That is, a democratic revolution in which the laborer seizes his own living conditions and controls the whole system of social production. It was not successful in the past because the industrial base of mass production had not yet been laid, but the modern era was different, and industrial production had an absolute advantage over the production of small farmers.
　　Thus, all kinds of bad social phenomena, such as ecological destruction, environmental pollution and even crimes, can be eradicated. This is closely related to the struggle for survival and the profit-seeking nature of capitalism. The purpose of profit has been eliminated; the purpose of people's needs has been changed; the struggle for survival has been eliminated; the struggle for freedom has been replaced by free association. People no longer strive for survival, but for development.
　　Since people live not only to eat, economic equality distributed according to need is not the result of equality, but only to realize the status and power of people -- to create the basis of equality.
　　With the shift of the production function of the family and the service function of the country towards the social production service, the family itself will die out. Family crisis is deepening in this era, and social production is also deepening. The ultimate national demise of the realization of the human unity of the whole.
　　Private ownership is economic autocracy and public ownership is economic democracy. Economic democracy, is based on public ownership, it is mine, rivers, forests, communication spectrum, various natural resources of land occupied by the nation together, workers through democratic consultation way to organize production and distribution activities, everyone can use labor resources to feed their unconditional, labor value by way of welfare, job security, according to the dividend.
　　The opposite of economic democracy is economic despotism, which is based on private ownership, that is, the private ownership of resources. If we want to use resources, we must pay expenses. What organization produces under private ownership is violence or capital, laborer must obey violent owner or capital owner.
　　The development trend of human society is the expansion of people's rights, first in political rights, then in economic rights. Political conflicts will never be resolved if economic rights are restricted. In Europe and the United States, private ownership countries, as a result of the economic system reform as a no-go area, the social crisis is always not solved, unemployment, environmental protection, terrorist activities, financial crisis, which turns on the society.
　　Political power from private to public, called political democratization; The possession of economic resources is constantly changing from private possession to joint possession, also called economic democratization.
　　23, private ownership will make social power and wealth differentiation, is now the world economic integration, so polarized belongs to the world, 1% of the millionaires have wealth equal to the remaining 99% were combined, it is very equal, so today's western system is not recommended and unsustainable, and the excessive competition can lead to war or nuclear war, is in danger of destruction of human, so abandon private ownership and return as soon as possible to persuade western countries public ownership, the human ability to move on. When it comes to the private market economy, which has a history of several hundred years, it has lagged behind the public market economy in the Internet age.
　　24, democratic autonomy should be people, in an integrated democratic society, people from the born equal, people not only have a common possession of social production, also have the corresponding responsibility and obligation to society, and that is "from each according to his ability, to get" on the basis of social framework, and establish a social control laws and regulations as well as to the regime of the right to vote and the right to vote, and so on.
　　Shinto economics provides the best theoretical basis for analyzing the capitalist system and the socialist system. It points the way for socialism and communism to eventually replace capitalism in the world, which is necessary for mankind to realize its social and economic development potential.

Chapter x the Christian communist manifesto
　　(Declaration of Godhead Ge Yimin doctrine) 
　　1. The party of god is a doctrine, an idea, a theory, a theory, that is, the peaceful and harmonious god values of kris, rather than an organization.
　　We are disciples and believe in the god of kris. At the same time, he is a member of god. "Sell your possessions and give alms, and prepare for yourselves bags of money that will never wear out, and treasure in heaven forever. "But if you want to enter into eternal life, keep the commandments. Love your neighbor as yourself. If thou wilt be perfect, go and sell all that thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven. (practice communism). We can see that the treasures in heaven refer to the spiritual and spiritual levels, and there are rewards, crowns, and crowns of glory. If the kingdom of heaven is still divided into the rich and the poor, hierarchy is the meaning of god. What is the significance of Jesus, kris god, telling us to distribute wealth to the poor in this world?
　　3. Program: set up a communist society in the world in 2019 with the values of kris.
　　4. Do not have to be extremely rich in materials, but distribute according to basic needs. Each according to his ability, according to his need (society can provide reasonable demand).
　　Two thousand years ago ordinary christians unwittingly fulfilled the highest ideal of communism. They don't need highly developed productivity, they don't need perfect and great personalities.
　　6. Vigorously develop advanced science and technology and improve productivity. As the wealth created increases, everyone's material satisfaction increases.
　　7, no war, even no fights and quarrels, that is, people no longer hurt others, everyone sees others as brothers and sisters, everyone is fully equal in love. The moral standards of human beings have improved as a whole. The key is spiritual happiness and spiritual satisfaction. Don't stand up to anyone, AGAPE.
　　In the new testament, several different Greek words are translated as "love," and one of them, "Agape," means a love that is willing to be centered on others, and that does not require merit or reward. It is with this love that god loves all mankind, and his disciples are urged to love god and love one another with this love.
　　But now, what we lack most is love. In fact, the thing closest to you is other people, love god lovers (at least not against anyone).
　　Law of gold: do to others as you would have them do to you. Not against anyone. God is a religion of love, god is love, Jesus summed up the law as love for god and love for himself, saint Paul said the greatest of all is love, god of kris said not against anyone. Godfathers call each other brothers and sisters.
　　Our material civilization has made great achievements, but our spiritual life is becoming more and more vulgar. We have electricity, we have the Internet, but we can't have Jesus, muhammad, sakyamuni, Confucius, lao-tzu.
　　Commercial civilization is like a big market. Making money is our sole purpose. Economic activity (making wealth) and political machines (distributing wealth) became everything, culture became desert, commercialized culture, no longer asking what you need, but what you can buy. Social relations became money relations, and family ties were distorted by money.
　　We repeat the same work (the division of labor in mass production) and spend our lives inventing tools for mankind. We are too practical, too secular, no longer have the habit of independent thinking and true friends, even happy instincts.
　　Since Adam left god's love and ate the forbidden fruit, under the effect of the fruit of wisdom, we hold high the banner of science, are keen to pursue knowledge and unsatisfied invention fun, and cry out that "knowledge is power" bacon believes: "man is mind, mind is knowledge, what a man knows, he is what."
　　Any system of science is premised on some axiom that cannot be proved by logic, an unconditional principle that commands acceptance, and science becomes a religion. Science is cool and dry, lack of love, suffering is an irrelevant and unsolvable thing to its world.
　　16. The science cause of one-sided pursuit of material prosperity neglects people's inner life, which cannot make people truly happy, cannot provide real meaning for life, and cannot give people's behavior as a goal. Marriage, for example, cannot be matched by science, but by love. Science is only useful for material things. People need faith.
　　Science has only instrumental value, such as the use of science as the purpose itself, endless pursuit of the domination of things, loss of spirituality, results can only lose the original meaning of life, so that people become the slaves of things. This era is coming to an end, and we find that scientific boasting is actually a kind of kindergarten disease.
　　We should not aim at material civilization, but seek the meaning of life from the internal spiritual experience. We should aim at the word of god (spiritual civilization), rebuild the communication with god, regain god's love, neighbor's love, obtain eternal spiritual happiness, and build the kingdom of god full of love.
　　As a matter of fact, our science only "describes" the world, and does not really grasp the world. Now, we are superior to the ancient in science, but we describe it well, and explain it as little as the ancient. But today, the exuberant thirst for knowledge, the insatiable joy of invention, the sharp inclination toward secularization, has reached its peak, and there is a homeless helplessness, a kind of frivolous worship of the present. Science is a means, not the nature of the world.
　　There are three kinds of life for us: subsistence, material life, physical life, food, clothing, shelter and travel. Yu, awareness, thinking, social activities; Harmony, soul, soul, religion.
　　Communism was first proposed by Christian theologians. Communism, as a doctrine, was first established by Christian theologians, and the concepts of "distribution according to work, distribution according to need" were first put forward by these theologians. Only god can fulfill the world of need, of necessity, of every effort, of freedom and fulfillment, the heaven that god has created. The original sin of human beings decides that it is impossible for human beings to save themselves, to establish heaven by themselves, and only by the god in their hearts can they reach heaven and wash away their SINS.ACTS 2:44 all who believe are in one place, having common use for all things. He sold his property and his goods (each according to his ability) and distributed them according to his need (each according to his need). This is a small communist society.
　　ACTS 2:44 all who believe are in one place, having common use for all things. And all that believed were of one heart and one mind; and there was not a man that said, one of his substance is in his own right, which is a great household.   Neither was any of them wanting: for they sold all the house, and the field, and the house, and the price that they sold, and set it at the feet of the servant. And to every man according to his need;
　　Nor did they taste the bread of men for nothing.   But thou hast laboured diligently, and laboured day and night, that thou shouldest not be burdensome to all.   And when we were in thee, we commanded thee, saying, if any man will not do his work, he shall not eat. ACTS 20:34 these are my hands, which are given to me and to my fellowmen, as you know yourself.
　　Revelation 21, 22: behold, I have made all things new. He who overcomes will inherit them. All his servants will serve him. Try your best. Whoever wants can drink the water of life for nothing. Take what you need.
　　But be even.   That your surplus may now be made up for their lack, and that their surplus may come to make up for your lack, and it shall be even. Lk 3:11 (John the Baptist) answered and said, he that hath two garments, he shall share with him that hath none.
　　26. Many of the humanistic ideals of communism come from Christianity, and the era of theism (new heaven and new earth) must be a communist society, and a hierarchical society is unthinkable.
　　ACTS 5: ananias and his wife, sapphira, sold their property. Take some of the money and put it at the feet of the apostles. Peter cursed both of them.
　　The kingdom of god is by no means a private estate of rank, and it is not possible for one's property to remain part of it.
　　But you shall not do this.   Your heads are as big as young ones.   But he who is first in command shall be like one who serves.
　　Who is great, or a man that sitteth at table, or a man that serveth?   Is it not the size of the table?   But I am among you, as one who serves.
　　The kingdom level of god is just spiritual level, soul level, there is reward, crown, glory crown, material is equal, everything common.
　　For the kingdom of god is not eating or drinking, but righteousness and peace and joy in the holy spirit.
　　The kingdom of god is the last social form, the eternal social form, and it must be a perfect and perfect harmonious equal society. A hierarchical society is one in which some people are of high rank and others are of low rank. Those of low rank, of course, try to be of high rank. There must be theft, robbery, deception, murder, revolution. The kingdom of god must be fair and just. You say low-ranking people are not smart, and they can all learn. Obviously, no one wants to be low. You say they've tried, they've learned, they're still low. Social unrest.
　　29. Shinto communism is a kind of religious communism, a theory and political thought based on the idea that, based on the teachings of kris, the godless must agree that communism is an ideal social system. Biblical evidence shows that the first christians, including the twelve apostles, established a small communist society years after Jesus' death and resurrection. Communism was taught by Jesus and practiced by the twelve apostles.
　　In the early days, communism may have played an important role in everyday Christianity, and Christianity certainly played an important role in the development of communist theory. Theocratic communism is a specialized theocratic movement that unites other communists with a focus on social justice and fairness.
　　Christianity played a big role in pushing China towards communism. Both Christianity and communism were derived from jewish Judaism. And theism is the creation of the contemporary Chinese god ge yi people.
　　The history of all societies to date is the history of the hierarchical society. The future communist society is an egalitarian society.
　　33, people are no longer against people, everyone is AGAPE (willing to take others as the center of love), and it is happy. Everyone no longer needs to guard against anyone, because knowing that others only love themselves, oneself only love others, all people love each other, this is the joy of heaven.
　　Everyone volunteers to produce wealth.
　　The distribution of wealth equally to all, and the basic material needs of each, are met. Without hunger, every cold man in the world is happy.
　　Mt. 20:1 for the kingdom of heaven is good as the Lord of his house; and he went early and hired men. And when he that was hired first cometh, it shall be much unto them.   Everyone gets a penny.
　　We have laboured and been in the heat all the day, and when the latter came only a little, thou makest them all to be like unto us.
　　13the owner replied, "it is my wish that I give you the one who is coming and the one who is coming to you."   (not distributed according to work, but distributed equally).
　　All tyrannical machines die because they are no longer needed.
　　Our bodies become perfect, without any defects or disabilities. It is no longer mortal.
　　We who live forever are with god in this eternal kingdom, seeking what he has done throughout all eternity. The development of human beliefs, ideas, technology, culture, art, sports, games... The human spirit, the soul is completely satisfied, is filled with happiness.
　　The former is a hierarchical society (violent society) and the latter a communist society (harmonious society).
　　The primitive, the slave, the feudal, the capital, the society, all are the rank society, only different rank stratum obtains the dominance position to other rank stratum, but first distributes the social wealth.
　　Economy: producing wealth;
　　Politics: distributing wealth.
　　Communist economics is written in four big words - each doing his best.
　　Communist politics also has four big words - distribution according to need.
　　The term refers to a person who has the ability to work, who accounts for the vast majority of the population, a person who is disabled who has slight labor, a person who is severely disabled who does not need labor, and a person who has equal material distribution.
　　Which economic system will produce more wealth, and which will be practised?
　　Politics is by no means mysterious or noble, but a means of distributing wealth. You are in politics, you are in politics, you are in politics, you are only participating in the distribution of wealth, or even just expressing opinions on how to distribute wealth.
　　The hierarchy, the bureaucracy, the party, the legislature, the judiciary, the executive, complicated politics, as if so high and unfathomable, in fact, politics has only four words: distribution of wealth.
　　There are only three kinds of people in communist society :(1) wealth producers, and all who are able to work, do their best. (2) wealth distributer, wealth distribution itself is also a kind of labor. (3) those who enjoy wealth, that is, all people, are distributed according to demand (reasonable demand), that is, the average distribution of wealth that society can provide.
　　Is there a counterrevolution in politics? Is there a reaction? Is there political sensitivity? Since politics is only a means of distributing wealth, would you say? :) it's just that you have more and I have less. Maybe I have more, but you have less.
　　Only when everyone is equal can there be harmony.
　　Your fucking villa BMW
　　I'm a fucking shanty bike with a yellow face
　　Why should I be in harmony with you? Let you enjoy a lifetime? Lao tzu suffered all his life?
　　I will not live harmoniously with you, but rather live your life, live in your villa, drive your BMW, eat your big fish and meat, and sleep with your beautiful wife :)
　　The slogan "equal wealth, equal wealth", which was put forward by successive uprisings, is the hope for the communist society.
　　Raising the consciousness of the poor, making them aware that oppression, exploitation and suffering are incompatible with the requirements of the Gospel and contrary to the will of god, makes them conscious of their legitimate actions. We should oppose social injustice, but never promote the hatred and deadly struggle. Instead, we should gradually change the human heart society by virtue of loving kindness and generous forgiveness.
　　We criticize not only the poverty, exploitation, oppression and alienation that exist in society, but also the occupation of the means of production that is the institutional foundation of this phenomenon. The capitalist system was thoroughly negated and replaced with a fair and humane society free from oppression and class antagonism. To move history forward, not to improve and maintain the status quo or to drag it backward.
　　On the basis of divine condemnation of poverty and injustice and expectations of the kingdom of god, pay attention to and condemn the growing social problems in the capitalist society, and take the divine religion and its spirit as the solution to social problems. The values of freedom are linked to the righteousness of god. Form a universal brotherhood, united by love.
　　We should make use of and give play to the religious ideas on opposing exploitation, injustice and people's welfare, and put forward communist ideas such as the common ownership of production materials, the sharing of labor and capital, equality for all, benevolence and mutual assistance. In addition to adhering to the divine doctrine of doom judgment and afterlife heaven, it is also based on the ideal of realizing a good society on earth, and through the guidance of the church, it enables the vast number of gods and goddesses to take reasonable actions to realize the ideal society.
　　The root of all evil is the depravity of human nature. If the phenomenon of enslavement is to be truly eliminated, it can only be achieved through spiritual conversion and spiritual transformation, thus eliminating one's own SINS. If something happens that is unfair to you, the first thing you should do is to banish any feelings of hate from your heart. Pray to god for god to end injustice.
　　Capitalism is modern slavery. The proletariat is but a working tool for the capitalist. The liberty of the person stipulated by the capitalist law is false. The chains and means of modern slavery are hunger. People should wake up and cast off their slave chains. But this cannot be done through revolutionary violence. Salvation lies in the love of god, in strengthening the moral ties of the people, in their peaceful exercise of their highest rights.
　　The necessity and possibility of sharing wealth. Natural law and divine love should be the basis of all laws. According to the laws of nature, rights and duties are equal. The root cause of the suffering of workers is not machines, which can benefit mankind in a Shared society. The inequality of the distribution of labor, the inequality of the distribution of goods that leads to poverty, is the root cause of the suffering of workers, and the means of sustaining this abhorrent mess is money.
　　All people get the same living conditions to make everyone happy and carefree. Therefore, we must implement the sharing of wealth, abolish the system of money, equal use of all wealth, equal distribution of labor, equal distribution of products, and equal enjoyment. Everyone has the right to own and enjoy as much as they need, and no one has the right to pursue more consumption and less labor. No one can enjoy more and do less work because he has more knowledge. Otherwise, he is a nobleman. "The perfect ripe human being is the crop, and the common possession of earthly riches is the first fruit of this crop." According to the law of love to harvest the fruit of the mature human being - sharing of wealth.
　　The god of kris taught to abolish property. The god of kris taught to abolish money. God kris teaches to abolish punishment. The principle of kris theology is common Labour and enjoyment. The principle of god is the principle of freedom and equality. The god of kris believes that the teaching of the doctrine of communal sharing must make sacrifices.
　　The principles of true theology are the abolition of property, of inheritance, of money, of the common sharing of wealth, of liberty, equality, and charity, among others. Realizing these principles is the premise of the perfect and beautiful state of the communist society.
　　58, the communist society is a eliminates the class society, a great development of social productivity, an abundant social material wealth and spiritual wealth, and all of the property belongs to all mankind, product family, all people enjoy equal social and economic rights, people will no longer work as a means of earning a living, and "labor will become people's self-consciousness and self-determination".
　　With the division of social classes and development orientation of society, human society is bound to move towards a communist society.
　　It is still necessary for the communist society to retain small organs of dictatorship, the police, and prisons, because some people want to kill people? Rape? What about stealing and robbing in addition to having a reasonable distribution of demand? With the improvement of productivity and the further improvement of human moral standards, small dictatorships will become smaller and smaller.
　　When I say communist society as much as I can, when I have to say communism, I don't mean marxism, I mean Goethe.
　　The complete liberation of man -- the union between man and god and man is god's arrangement and grace.
　　In the internationale, "itasunner must come true", which is not communist but internationalist (French), and "internationalism must come true" is nothing more than the appeal of globalization.
　　The future of mankind depends on god and his understanding and pursuit of the word of god. Once all mankind has reached a consensus on the word of god and is able to follow the word of god and be fair and just, then a beautiful future will be born and ripe and ready. Because of this, the divine church has made it its sacred mission to promote and promote the word of god.
　　For the formation and consolidation of man's good character, thoughts and deeds depend on his belief in and reverence for god. Belief in and reverence for god is a reliable guarantee of human virtue, thought and behavior. Without the belief and reverence for god, all these became water without source, wood without root, it is difficult to maintain for a long time. Although everyone wants to be a good man, and don't want to become a bad guy, but if there is no god in mind, no monitor and regulate human character of the deity, once encounter practical problems, especially when the real problem with her good will can't be good agreement, will be helpless and even throw away freely to the latter.
　　In the future communist society, everyone will have a normal marriage and children, and their extramarital affairs will not be prohibited by morality. In the future communist society, any adult male and female will be able to go to wushan voluntarily. This kind of behavior, without moral prohibition, will bring complete happiness and harmony to human beings.
　　We have to build the intercourse of the toilet as much, any adult men and women, as long as needed, to enter, with the opposite sex, consensual, namely feasible duke of zhou rite, everyone's satisfaction as convenient as the toilet, since there is no moral problems on the toilet, that sex does not exist on ethical issues, not the victim's behavior is moral, eunuchs and ladies, human nature, why not to meet? Can solve a lot of crime, a lot of heart helpless pain.
　　Sex is god's blessing to human beings and animals, so that they can flourish. Everyone's sexuality is completely free and free, and human sexuality enters the free kingdom. Sexual freedom does not necessarily lead to promiscuity. For example, birds are sexual freedom, but there is no sexual freedom. Animals are essentially sexual freedom, because there is no moral law, no dictatorship, no machine punishment, no family, but there is no sexual freedom, and they get terrible diseases.
　　Sexual freedom is just about respecting human rights. It is because of sneaking that people are curious about crimes. Once they are free, that is the case. The goal of human evolution is to accomplish humanity, and humanity can only achieve the most fulfilling realization when the individual is absolutely free.
　　According to the definition of britannica, communism is a political system ideal that distributes income and property equally among the people of the country.
　　68. The only purpose of the deists is to peacefully export the values of the god of kris to the world and strive to realize the global communist society in 2019.
　　I examined all the values that have failed so far, and established the values of kris god to save the world. In the end, human beings will get rid of the SINS and death inherited from their ancestors and restore close relations with god. God help me, amen!
　　A revolution is inevitable when the polarization between the rich and the poor reaches a critical point. In other words, the violent redistribution of wealth does not take the will of human beings.
　　In communist society, labor is voluntary and voluntary. The purpose of work is not to make a living, but to be a part of life.
　　Communist life is voluntary, based on faith and love, and is not subject to institutional compulsion.
　　Now the stars are singing about love and the fans are reacting fiercely. This is the foundation and hope of communism.
　　It goes without saying that as long as there is a class of rich and poor in any society, there will inevitably be a revolution of theft, robbery, deception and murder, and there will never be harmony.
　　The only hope of ending the rapid secularization is to establish the values of kris.
　　The apostolic church of communism how honored they were that they did not feel the pain of poverty on the grounds that they were generous in giving away their possessions so that no one was left in poverty. They don't give part of themselves to the church, but part of themselves; When they give it away, they do not regard it as their own property. They eliminate inequality and live abundantly. And their attitude to this kind of thing is remarkable. They do not dare to put the alms on the hands of the poor, nor do they dare to take the gifts proudly. Thus every man obtains his necessities from public supplies, not from private property. This prevents the giver from becoming vain and ineffectual in self-sufficiency.
　　If we do this today, all the rich and poor will be happier. But the happiness of the poor must be no more than that of the rich. For he who gives does not become poor, but he who gives makes poor, rich.
　　Let us imagine the method adopted by the apostolic church in which all men contribute what they have and become public possessions. Neither rich nor poor can resist such schemes and help. If they were to dine at a communal table, the cost would not be much, and the blessing of god would not fall on us, making us a thousand times richer. Did it not establish a kingdom of heaven on earth? Would it not have been more remarkable if this experiment had been carried out among the three or five thousand people of that day (the first generation of christians), and none of them had been found wanting? Does not every new addition bring his own things into it?
　　Separation and division must produce great waste and hence poverty. On the same day, the number of believers, is only about 3, five thousand people, and the whole world at that time, are hostile to the us, there is no place, can make us have safely, however our pioneer, is so grand to execute this kind of work, but we are now, by the grace of god everywhere widespread but many believers, what we should have great confidence. We should take everything out, everything for us.
　　In the gospels Jesus repeatedly reminded his disciples that everyone should give up all his possessions.
　　"So any one of you who does not give up everything he has cannot be my disciple."
　　"You sell everything, zhou jiren." (Luke 12:33)
　　"One thing you lack: you will sell everything you have and give to the poor, and there will be treasure in heaven, and you will come after me. When he heard this, he was grieved, for he is very rich.   Luke 18:23.
　　This thing led Jesus to tell the parable of the camel. It was easier for the camel to pass through the hole of a needle, but harder for the rich to enter the kingdom of heaven. Therefore, the kingdom of heaven is for those who enjoy their wealth with the poor.
　　In today's materialistic flow, people seem to only understand busy making money, the society is becoming more and more indifferent! Do people really not need that sincere, simple, calm and moved from the heart? No, needs, the world needs warmth, needs love! People need to reclaim their faith in life! Need divine instruction!
　　Once the theistic principles of equality, fraternity and charity were applied to social organizations, mankind entered the new era of Jerusalem (heaven). Use various means to make the Gospel of god universal, and achieve this in a cooperative and peaceful way without the need for revolution. A new society based on the principle of equality before god.
　　As long as the whole society adheres to its own religious beliefs, and adds universal suffrage, cooperative system and people's participation in politics, society will be saved. The foundation of the new society will be: god is the father of all mankind, and the divine religion is the spiritual driving force for human progress.
　　The belief that the "kingdom of god" should be founded on this life and this life, and that the cause of establishing such a kingdom is basically the cause of awakening social conscience and revitalizing morality. Without morality there is no real freedom; Without religion, there is no real science. Without the fear of god and the pity of his countrymen, there is no talk of industry.
　　The practice of denying human relations, which is pervaded throughout the industrial system, is against the spirit of divinity. To handle all economic affairs in a fair and friendly spirit, achieve class reconciliation, "union and exchange", not competition for profit.
　　Theocratic communism is the proof of god's law. According to the Gospel, human society is a collection of molecules, not a collection of atoms fighting each other. True workers must be dear to each other, not hostile to each other; The act of dealing must be governed by a sound principle, not a selfish one.
　　Workers unite to free themselves from the slavery that makes them subservient and deprived of their basic human rights, and to uphold the right enshrined in the doctrine of equality before god. Communal property, everyone is equal, do not let a person starve, do not let a person suffer cold. The millennium heaven of justice, universal equality and happiness.
　　The establishment of free associations and measures to protect the right of the poor to live would cure social ills, and the suffrage of Labour would rule the world.
　　Since the advent of theism, the theory of human relations has undergone a tremendous transformation, namely, the recognition that all human rights are basically equal. This progress in the human spirit has deprived the privileged of their prestige and made them reluctant to fight back when the poor demanded their rights.
　　Human virtue is not a concept inherent in the field of nature, but is given by divine revelation, which is true and certain as it enters human thought directly from god.
　　Only by taking the principle of divine fraternity as a solid foundation can the cooperative system successfully liberate workers.
　　God has a wonderful education plan to save the soul of man and to make it perfect. As long as people believe in god and abide by their duties, the social ideal of god can be realized. ＾wordofgod￣s should not only provide reading, but should also be a personal motto and a handbook for statesmen.
　　94, communism no matter in what sense is a principle of "new moral world", it is also one of the most important in the old world, the principle of the monotheistic thought of communism in the all times of the past is always one of the most vivid and most dynamic thought, this thought in our age is bound to be fully developed.
　　95, Shinto faith of communism, that is, in the capitalist production relations, use of ideas and values criticizes capitalism (sometimes including feudalism) caused by the production and the social relations and its consequences, to borrow ideas of religion (such as one thousand, the kingdom of heaven, the kingdom of god, latter-day trial) set up the ideas of the ideal society in human.
　　Material equality can solve most social problems. Moreover, the society will keep making progress and will not lose its vitality. For from god's point of view we seek what god has done forever and ever. From the perspective of human nature, the constant derivation of human needs promotes the development of material conditions, while the development of material needs continues to derive, and the demand will not disappear.
　　It is precisely because of the polarization between the rich and the poor that people take the pursuit of material wealth as the sole purpose of life and ignore the original meaning of life.
　　Use science, art, and industry to the fullest extent to meet people's needs. "Propaganda" is the only means to achieve theocratic communism and is against any violent action. Only such revolution can bring happiness and peace to all people.
　　It is god's word that everyone should be treated as a brother. It is the highest principle that god has given to man and the highest principle of his morality. It contains everything that god has given to man, and therefore can lead everything out of it, establishing the system of god's power over man as a common principle.
　　According to the highest moral principles which god has given to man, man should organize his society in such a way as to benefit the greatest number of men. The cause of improving the spiritual and material conditions of the largest class in the shortest time by the most satisfactory means should be the object of all one's Labour and activity.
　　101. We should not only make people happy in heaven, but also in the world. Not only propagating to all classes that the poor are the beloved son of god, but also openly and steadfastly improving the spiritual and material conditions of the largest class.
　　The core values of communism are universal, equality for all, mutual love for all, freedom, liberation and creation. Creation, development and construction under oppression, exploitation and repression.
　　The universal mind is the true universal brotherhood, and the universal equality of human rights is higher than the sovereign supreme state of goodness. The free movement of all human beings will gradually create a true world balance. The diversity of civilizations will develop dynamically in the long run.
　　The inequality of property rights and wealth caused by capital, especially the core means of production, leads to the DE facto inequality of human opportunities, life, identity and enjoyment.
　　Things of ancient value and vitality cannot be bought and stimulated by money. And everyone has in their hearts the spirit of engaging in their own creative work with the sheer intoxication of ecstasy.
　　106. There is no doubt that the material and technological means and basis of modern science and technology are approaching the reality of communism. It is entirely possible to change the current system, institutions and ideas, and the global Commons. The tremendous enrichment that lays the foundation of communist material technology already had basically in modern science and technology and material means.
　　One person can feed more than 100 people with proper farming equipment. The labor productivity of the consumer goods industry has been magnified hundreds of times. The potential development of labor productivity in modern transportation, communication, information and culture industries has just begun. It is possible for human beings to be liberated from the heavy and simple repetition of manual labor and from the slavish submission to the old system of division of labor.
　　Global annual output is now more than $30 trillion. With a population of 5 billion, the per capita production capacity and actual output reached us $6,000, which is undoubtedly a substantial social material base at the level of real purchasing power.
　　As technology multiplies, the development of human intelligence has only just begun. In the next half century, the efficient, organic, high-value and low-consumption inventions and innovations of human beings will spread far and wide. The key lies in the system innovation and the system transformation guidance and the demonstration transmission.
　　110. The space of value growth that western civilization expresses in terms of its capital expansion nature has come to an end. Material and monetary values have gradually given way to other social values.
　　Communism is the realization of such valuable elements as democracy, freedom, justice and humanism. With universal suffrage and a sound parliamentary democracy, a violent revolution is unnecessary and should be avoided. The path of the violent dictatorship of the proletariat is not workable. Only the path of construction can lead steadily to communism.
　　Advocate the values of freedom, democracy, solidarity and social justice, advocate the diversification of the sources of ideas, and the power of the state must be created through democratic elections. The right to vote, to know and to supervise is the natural right of citizens.
　　113. As long as there is collective and national support, there will be no fear of the future, and more energy will be given to building it.
　　The way of human self-emancipation is not only to develop and consume resources, but more importantly to create and regenerate them. Only in the communist society can man realize the great practice of transforming himself and creating nature.
　　From Plato onward, communism is the only political concept worth pondering among philosophers.
　　116. Ecology, intellectual property, and new technologies contain the common conditions for the realization of communism, while social isolation suggests that the totality of capitalism has failed.
　　117. Non-material property, such as knowledge, emotion, etc., can be Shared. Intangible property is public at present, which is in essence opposite to private ownership.
　　Communism is not the appropriation of things, but the re-appropriation of the essence of man, the occupation of our subjectivity from the point of view of man and for the sake of man.
　　Work will rule the world when it has the right to vote. Build a vibrant community of "mutual love," "cooperation," and "no one has the right to take anything for themselves."
　　Advocate human cooperation and common progress, oppose social inequality and injustice, and establish a social system characterized by fairness, democracy, benefit sharing and association.
　　Liberty is the highest value of mankind. Equality and justice are the highest value of mankind.
　　Society should give everyone in society the equal status and opportunities as possible before launching social competition.
　　The essence of communism is not a political, social, and economic link, but a moral value that aims to eliminate contradictions in capitalist social relations and to achieve superior class solidarity between people.
　　Realizing communism in democracy and freedom and following the path of peaceful and democratic communism means not taking violent revolution but making full use of the existing bourgeois democratic system to gradually transition to communism. Freedom, justice and mutual aid, as the three basic values of communism, are committed to establishing a life order in line with these moral values.
　　The establishment of a democratic communist society based on spiritual freedom and political freedom is aimed at freeing and developing human individuality. Freedom, justice, unity (mutual aid).
　　The task of building communism to strive for these democracies communism is the highest form of democracy.
　　Class liberation and human liberation. That is, the elimination of economic exploitation, the elimination of privileges and oppression in social and political life, equality for all.
　　Social productivity is highly developed and material wealth is greatly enriched. All the means of production are Shared by the members of society. Practice the principle of each according to his ability and each according to his need. The state has lost its class nature and become a governing body of purely social public things.
　　129. Realizing the complete liberation of man, making him a "complete man", a "real man" and a "free man"; The essence of communist society is the "union" of free men, a social form in which the full and free development of every man is the basic principle.
　　Now the ideal of communism is realized in technology and institutions.
　　Communism may take the lead in some areas. Take literature. With the development of computers and the Internet, the creation and reading of literary works have emerged the mechanism of "distribution according to one's ability and need". Many people build blogs and websites on the Internet to publish their literary works for others to read for free. For these people, literary creation and appreciation of literary works have become "self-consciousness and self-determination", and the number of such literary works on the Internet has increased rapidly, which has a strong flavor of "great surging flow" of literary works. Also has the calligraphy and painting, the animation work and so on. From this perspective, the production and consumption of products that meet people's spiritual needs are likely to be the first to achieve "all efforts, distribution according to needs", "great surging flow" and "labor becomes self-determination and self-determination".
　　Marx borrowed only the word communism, which was originally put forward by Christian theologians, but I restored it and carried it forward.
　　Christian primitive communism was the father of all kinds of communism, including modern communism.
　　134. Social and public institutions are very developed, and urban-rural differences, differences in people's treatment and social division of labor will disappear completely. Everyone can get a scientific education and medical treatment. Work, life, entertainment, arrangement of scientific and reasonable, suitable for the needs of longevity.
　　135, no one is regulated, are consciously in the service of the people, the service of communism! Science and technology is very developed, people can at low workload to meet the need of high quality life, all property owned by the whole people, life to get information, work output and life for the people, has recorded, the arrival of the end of the work as its do communism as the basis of a fair trial, to its people get good evaluation, can more easily get the support of others in the social activities, as the individual end communism trial on the basis of the value of the life.
　　Everyone is tolerant, tolerant of external suffering and forgiving of offenses. Equal access to social and economic rights, people to prolong their natural life and self-improvement, labor and creation will become the first needs of people. People will not be limited by the division of labor, to achieve the "each can, each need" stage. In the communist society, everyone can get great satisfaction! Everyone is self-conscious, self-alert, self - control, self - control, self - esteem, self - love!
　　137, everyone is working and learning, helping each other, improving their own quality, making up their own defects and mistakes, correcting their own mistakes, and pursuing the perfection and beauty! Everyone is spontaneously fighting for a common ideal! Nobody has the special scope of activities, but according to the characteristics of their own development can work in any department, social and public institutions, regulating the whole production ability into social public institutions involved in the allocation of social work, but as individuals will give priority to, so that we could over their interests do it today, do that tomorrow.
　　138. Therefore, in such a society with a highly abundant material foundation and strong social production capacity, the people are striving for a good overall evaluation of communism in their doomsday judgment. How to develop oneself, develop spiritual civilization to realize the value of life will become the pursuit of people. People will compete for labor and take on a wider range of jobs, and no one wants to be a walking dead in this society.
　　Communism is a great practice of science. For example, nowadays it is common to share the Internet. Piped natural gas in cities, for example, means that most people share a huge gas supply system, such as a Shared bike, and it is also a kind of communism.
　　140. The communist society will be the return of the free, equal and philanthropic spirit of the ancient clan society on a higher material basis. Humanity will truly be in control of its own destiny, from the inevitable world to the free world. The essence of communism is the free and all-round development of man.
　　141. The communism of modern people is limited to the east and west.
　　142. Social productive forces are highly developed, science and technology are extremely developed, labor productivity is unprecedentedly improved, labor time is greatly shortened and social products are greatly abundant.
　　All private labor and small-scale production have been replaced by large-scale social production, with all members of society jointly occupying the means of production and the disappearance of commodities and currencies.
　　Eliminate the differences between workers and peasants, between urban and rural areas, between mental and physical Labour.
　　As a result of changes in the mode of production and the demise of the old division of Labour, every member of society will enjoy free and comprehensive development.
　　146. The whole society conducts mass customization in a planned way according to the needs of different people.
　　Practice the principle of distribution according to one's ability and one's need. (by this I mean "taking the needs of man as the sole basis for the distribution of the products of Labour" rather than being able to satisfy any desire of all at will.)
　　Class differences disappear, "slavery to man" is replaced by "management of things," and the state machine wipes itself out.
　　149. With the demise of all economic oppression and slavery, so did the moral inequity of class society.
　　150. With the demise of the individual family, sexual relations will become purely private and society free of interference, and the upbringing of minors and the education will become fully public utilities in society. (family, is essentially a kind of individual economic units in the agricultural society is a living unit and production unit, the burden of the education, pensions and other functions, with the development of capitalism industry its functions gradually replaced by various social institutions and public services, thus modern family size is smaller, and more and more unstable, eventually to vanish in the communist society.)
　　151. Neither of the former so-called socialist countries is communism, and the real communism we can pursue has been ruined. Communism for the seers is real, it's aspirational, it's idealistic, and we inherit the seers. But work together.
　　God kris was born a communist, or he was born for communism.
　　153, communism is through the development of the productive forces, to highly developed collectivism ideology dominated the society, need not through the production material private possession system to promote the development of the production, there is no class contradictions, race, liberated from the class contradictions of circulating humanity thoughts, and establish the system of class, there is no private ownership of productive materials, government, society and mass production.
　　This way of restricting personal development is not communism. Communism should be highly liberal for everyone.
　　155. Communist society will create more advanced productive forces than capitalism, completely change the division of labor in society, and make equality between men and women a real reality. In all class societies, the degree of female liberation is the natural measure of universal emancipation.
　　156. The state machine is a professional authority ostensibly over all members of society, exercising its power through laws representing the will of all ruling classes. As long as a society is divided into different classes, there must be such a "public power" which is not subject to supervision and control and keeps the whole society relatively stable through coercive means, instead of causing the classes to perish together due to endless class struggle.
　　On the one hand, the ruling class maintained its dominant position through violent means, on the other hand, it fooled the ruled by the spiritual means of "morality". Make them willingly submit to their rule. The dominant class refers to ACTS that serve its own interests as "justice" and "honor" and ACTS that harm its own interests as "evil" and "disgrace."
　　This hypocritical morality often adopts the most despicable double standard, requiring the personal interests of the governed to be unconditionally subject to illusory collective interests (that is, the interests of the ruling class), even to the extent of sacrificing individual lives.
　　Instead of a class society full of class antagonism, violence and deceit, it could only be a union of free men. There, the free development of every man will be the condition for the free development of all men. This free world is communist society. Although mankind has experienced a class society for thousands of years, from the whole human history of millions of years, this era after all is only a very short transition stage. Only when humans have completely got rid of the enslavement of nature to human and human to human, can they finally break away from the animal kingdom in a certain sense and truly enter the living conditions of "human" from the living conditions of "beast".
　　157 sharing a new product among multiple people allows the majority to share the new product: public goods, common ownership, Shared by the majority. This is communism.
　　The so-called communist countries that exist are not really communist. First of all, communism abolishes private ownership and abolishes state machinery. The ownership of the means of production is controlled by the whole society.
　　159. A communist society will never deny its own interests under the pretext of collective interests, nor will it eliminate human desires. Only a class society would base the wealth and freedom of one on the suffering, oppression and unconditional sacrifice of another. The essence of communism is the free and comprehensive development of human beings. It is by no means to eliminate human individuality, but to enable the full development of freedom and ability of everyone.
　　The demise of private ownership depends only on the degree of development of the productive forces. Only on the premise that the mode of production itself is highly socialized can it be possible to eliminate private ownership and realize a true communist system for all.
　　Socialized mass production, economic globalization, Internet scientific and technological revolution, the world has become one, the dawn of communism has emerged in the east of the world, is about to shine the world, radically changing the world.
　　162. In September 2014, Mr. Ge yimin from zhenjiang, jiangsu published ＾wordofgod￣ in Hong Kong, which is the integration of Christianity and communism, adding communist elements to Christianity and innovatively developing Christianity. China is a communist country, and Christian communism is the only way for Chinese Christianity to be localized again.
　　Communism is the most moral society in which man can live according to god's will. All men are equal, members of the free men's association.
　　Christianity is at odds with communism. You were told by the horse communist, but the horse communist did not tell you that communism originated in Christianity.
　　Communism was first proposed by Christian theologians. Communism, as a doctrine, was first established by Christian theologians, and the concepts of "distribution according to work, distribution according to need" were first put forward by these theologians.
　　The communist party has failed because of violent revolutions, which have failed to achieve the goal of changing economic and social patterns.
　　We are ge tong. The communist party is the two great revolutions (socialized production and Internet revolution), which are harmonious.
　　Communism has been an ideal country for people with lofty ideals since ancient times. As long as it is distributed in accordance with needs, it is communism without excluding religious communism.
　　165. The final form of human society refers to distribution according to needs. The communist government, the freemen's union, is no longer a dictatorship machine. The freedom of communism is based on the freedom of everyone. Now the common production, the material conditions have been in sight, the common heart, that is to update the human mind, ge yi democratic Gospel spread around the world, was accepted by mankind.
　　166. Marx said very early on that the tremendous growth of productivity and world-wide interaction are the two prerequisites of socialism. In other words, there is no premise and no socialism. World trade, the global village, and the Internet are the manifestations of world exchanges. Only when productivity grows to a high degree, world exchanges are already very close, and socialism can be achieved. Prior to this, the responsibility of the communists was to promote these two premises while at the same time safeguarding the rights and interests of workers.

Chapter 11 the gospels
　　Fighting? Fight should not, should not fight against anyone, because others are the most similar to you in the world the closest east.
　　Why would one person hit another? You know, he's gonna hurt, and pain is the feeling you're scared of.
　　Why would one person kill another? You know, his life is as precious as yours only once, and he loves his parents as much as you do, his wife and children.
　　I can't imagine one man shooting another with a gun. Why? OH, your kind!!! OH MY GOD!!!!
　　As long as there are people starving in this world, all the people alive are selfish. Since it is impossible for a lover to be like himself, it is necessary to lower the requirement, that is: not against anyone. Everyone has no need to guard against anyone, how high the life experience will be.
　　Everyone does not oppose anyone, now is heaven. Do what you can, distribute what you need, if everyone wants to, and be happy.
　　Do not have to wait for material to be extremely rich, allocate according to basic demand can. As productivity increases, everyone's material satisfaction increases. The key is spiritual happiness and spiritual satisfaction. Don't stand up to anyone, AGAPE.
　　Everyone is busy for his stomach, and god is busy for his soul. What's the point of just making money? What's the point of making you a billion dollars? Drinking, whoring, gambling? Does it really work for you? All that is external, that is material, is really not important. Only the peace and satisfaction of the heart can be true. Our hearts will never be at peace unless you are in the arms of god.
　　A person, a thinking person, only breaks through any predecessors' category, can be closer to god, because god is infinite. Only by breaking through the category of any predecessors can we get closer to the truth, for truth is infinite.
　　6. Establish a communist society around the world in 2019 with a divine lover like yourself.
　　A man, no matter who he is, a dignitary, a merchant, a common man, a thief, a prostitute, a beggar, a rigger, a murderer, a disabled orphan, a serious illness is going to die. Everybody, just like you and me.
　　8. The world will eventually be unified, namely, the global communist society, but the means is the love of god's religion, rather than violent revolution.
　　All people are the children of god, because they were created by god, and god kris is recognized as a brother and sister, including Hitler, including Japanese, including comrade bin laden :)
　　All men will go to heaven, and it goes without saying that if god can only let part of the created be tortured in hell forever, he is not the all-good almighty, but the incompetent.
　　Someone always asks me, what good is it to be religious? My answer now is: realize communist society.
　　The only purpose of the party of god is to peacefully export the harmonious values of kris.
　　12. I examined all the values that have failed so far, and established the values of kris god to save the world. Human beings will eventually get rid of the SINS and death inherited from their ancestors and restore close relations with god. God help me, amen!
　　The world has been a tragedy from ancient times to modern times. From now on, it will be a tragedy for a long time.
　　I am god's last word, the son of the people of the world.
　　We do not kneel to anyone, including god, we are equal to god. We recognize that we are far less capable than god, who is the creator. But he needs us to cooperate, and we are willing to be equal partners with god, to help god bring people from the dust to the spirit and create human happiness. We are not slaves to the bible, or even to god, but to god's best friend.
　　Our faith in god, our creator, is not limited to the bible. ＾wordofgod￣, from the bible, higher than the bible. God is not limited by the scriptures, nor is truth, for god is alive, always new, and truth is infinite.
　　The heaven that promises a person to enter after death, empty not to say, more main die to have no proof, drive cheat death hind enter heaven, the person discovers after death did not enter, cannot seek him to settle accounts, can only then cheat next next year.
　　Just as zhao ziyang said about socialism, no one can tell. The jews asked Jesus to show a sign, and Jesus did not show or show it, while kris had only a dream, and they asked him to show a sign or show it, or who could show it? The so-called divine mind is only nature or magic. Just as the Lord said, who can make his hair black and white? Or who did the miracle two thousand years after the bible? Five loaves and two fishes, resurrection of the dead?
　　The bible has been two thousand years, and the soul of man is worse than it was before. It's also important to believe, to read scripture, to be neurologically, to pursue direct communication with god, right? Does truth and divinity share the biblical limitations of 2000 years ago? So new ideas can come from god, they can be free from the bible. So we need a new global religion, which is theism.
　　All religious scriptures are useful only to those who believe.
　　It is obvious that the bible cannot fully guide modern society. It does not exhaust the truth. It does not contain capitalism, socialism or the Internet. Modern economics, politics, technology, the bible can't guide us, so we need new ideas. Since the bible was written 2000 years ago, human beings have not been completely happy, which is exactly what theologians are trying to do. We really can't be limited to the bible, because god is infinite, and that's a divine mission.
　　I believe that GOD is a creator and GOD, just as GOD who teaches. My vision is similar to the bible, my mind is communist, so I'm a theologian communist.
　　You can be a total atheist. You can be a complete thinker. But you can't be a complete atheist and a thinker.
　　You are walking away from the truth and away from god when you are alone in the bible, in Jesus alone or in any scripture or person.
　　Eternal life, the only useful pursuit of mankind, "believe in god kris for eternal life."
　　Without the Internet, ancient saints and sages could not quickly propagandize, unify their thoughts and realize great harmony. Now that humans have invented the Internet, everyone is quick to accept the same information, so we think we can achieve a communist society in 2019.
　　For thousands of years, religions have not brought happiness to human beings; instead, morality has deteriorated. People are busy for a meal, and everything is for money. So there's a need for a new global religion, the divine religion, to lift the human heart, to be happy, and finally for eternal life.
　　The world is not eternal. Scientific observations prove that it has an origin.
　　Man is not eternal. Scientific observation proves that man has origins.
　　No world view can be self-consistent without the premise of eternal existence.
　　Therefore god must exist!
　　He did not say enough, the parable of the good Samaritan. Let us be neighbor to all, not only to those who care about us, but also to those who do not care about us. I want everyone to fall in love, at least not against anyone. It is the task of god's teaching to love all, to lead each of us to do so.
　　Neither god nor the devil is for himself.
　　If you are human,
　　　　I am god.
　　　　If I'm a person,
　　　　You are beasts.
　　You cannot surpass Jesus. What does god want of you?
　　God is god, and all the flowers are against him, and god himself is against him. Why do you still say so? Only god knows.
　　I believe in truth and faith only in a society of free thought, free speech, free spirit.
　　35, there is no Jesus in the world, I do not know, but god kris lives with you every day, for the 2019 global communist society, the long march every day, this is what we see with our own eyes.
　　Lord, give me seven years and I will return you to a global communist society.
　　The god of kris is the magic way of heaven.
　　　　Through him all the world into the communist paradise.
　　New heaven and new earth, heaven and earth will not be new, still so, nature. What's new? The new is the human mind, once all human beings accept the ＾wordofgod￣ (Gospel - not against anyone), now is heaven, seven years is the time table of divine blessing. All human beings can be unified by accepting ＾wordofgod￣ and reaching consensus. And socialized large production today, already had communism condition.
　　There is no organization or discipline in the religion, only the Gospel of eternal life and the hope of eternal life. God's purpose, of course, is salvation.
　　The only task of kris ge is to write the ＾wordofgod￣.
　　The President of the world is meaningless, the beauty is empty, the money is enough, the god is impossible, the eternal life is impossible, the only thing that can be achieved is the global realization of communism.
　　To realize communism, the only thing god can do is to write the ＾wordofgod￣.
　　In 2019, ＾wordofgod￣s will have to complete 250,000 words, or the number of words in the new testament and quran.
　　In 2019, the ＾wordofgod￣ of peace will spread all over the world, and communism can be achieved all over the world.
　　I submit myself to the creator, the creator and ruler of the universe, whom I call god (god), and would like to work for him to establish heaven and heaven on earth. And call oneself ge yi people god, have article word, the meaning of god son.
　　My vision proves that I was chosen by god, amen!
　　God is the true and living god, and the truth is infinite. While the world's 2.3 billion christians are still clinging to the bible from 2,000 years ago, we in god are creating ＾wordofgod￣s to seek higher truths and to be closer to god.
　　I want to give everyone a basic diet, basic medical care.
　　Jesus did not finally defeat satan. This task will be done by me.
　　Social mass production today, the Internet technology revolution today, 2019 can achieve communism, the renewal of the hearts of people around the world can, and this task historically handed over to the god.
　　Our religion is China's, borrowing from the west. We are god's, god's, China's, and the world's. We founded Chinese religion, that is, the new religion, which is also the world's religion.
　　We do not believe in the trinity, that god is one, that god is the creator, that Jesus is the son of god, and that the holy spirit is god's motivation.
　　God is also the son of god with Jesus. Or maybe god ge is Jesus again.
　　We believe in a creator, god, and Jesus is a man, chosen by god, god the son, and signs are needed. Everybody's a little reasonable.
　　Jesus never called himself god, only the son of god when he was judged.
　　It's just that Paul thinks Jesus is equal to god.
　　Jesus or Paul?
　　The resurrection of Jesus is disputed, only in the bible. Ge is a dreamer. God wants us to listen to him.
　　The bible has more anti-trinity verses than it supports, such as Jesus: the father is greater than I, and the father sent me.
　　Matter, like modern science, is made up of molecules and atoms.
　　The essence of consciousness also comes from the soul, that is, qi, dreams and dreams belong to the category of consciousness.
　　God is eternal, the cause of all causes, the origin, the beginning, from whom everything in the universe is born. God is of course conscious, consciousness has just said, from god.
　　For man is of dust, and god wants man to be of spirit, that he may be with him eternal life. For thousands of years, man is still the dust, and god cannot, and this task has historically fallen on the shoulders of our divinity. We spread the truth and help god to make man spiritual.
　　The original sin of man is the body from dust, the imperfect body (from dust, like animals), and this is the limitation of man.
　　Ps 51:5 "I was born in iniquity, and sin was in my mother's womb."
　　The fetus has no sin, no sin thoughts, only sin body.
　　Theism is the religion of the true god.
　　50, how the human heart is equal? Now there is great injustice, the cooling of human love, material justice, and the law of conscience. Because of material inequality, modern people just want one thing: to make money. We advocate satisfying the "I" : matter, spirit, soul.
　　We admit that we want to change people's heart, but for modern people, we can only start from the material. Human suffering is caused by material imbalance, repeated struggle, material equality, human harmony.
　　We believe that GOD, the creator, is not limited to any religion, and we are seeking the truth, which is the mission of GOD.
　　Theism is the religion that believes in god.
　　Communism is one of the ultimate goals of mankind, and immortality is the ultimate goal.
　　Since god created the world, he has done only one thing, testing man spiritually to be with him forever. We can't do it all the time until we have a divine religion.
　　In the final analysis, god tries man from the dust to the spirit, so that eternal life is with him.
　　When Jesus was crucified to redeem sinners, god kris conquered the heart and satan, bringing about the age of the kingdom (communist society).
　　The bible has some guiding significance for people in the past, and it still has some referential significance today. But the most important thing now is to listen to the new "truth" published by the god of kris, that is, the new testament -- the ＾wordofgod￣.
　　The crux of the divine concern is the real self and the intense experience of the supernatural and the practical ways to improve the quality of life.
　　The ACTS performed by god of kris are a symbol of awakening in his heart. He emphasizes the mysterious intuition that love, emotion and heart should be understood in a special sense as human spirit, and to accept his point of view is to accept the disorder of human heart. In this way, one experiences the fact that the self that one has maintained and retained throughout one's life is an illusion. The believers feel that their relationship with the god of kris is to love and be loved, and think that kris god is guiding their spiritual journey to give up themselves and realize their sanctity.
　　The purpose of theism is to eliminate suffering -- my suffering and human suffering. His cosmology, metaphysics and ethics almost revolve around this goal. People's desires are varied and contradictory and cannot be fully satisfied. Even if it does, there will be a contradiction in the satisfaction. Contradictory satisfaction leads to inner conflict, and the inner conflict of modern people is a kind of pain. We can think of modern westerners' efforts to find happiness as "secularization". But the truth is, the satisfaction of desire is not entirely happiness. Desire in the religious sense refers not only to the physical, but also to the psychological, not only to the individual, but also to the social. If man's efforts were not to control them, but merely to satisfy them, the religion would become secular, contrary to the purpose of the east to relieve suffering. Eastern religions are mostly turning these desires inward toward themselves, which is the opposite of the modern trend in the west. This kind of introversion also exists in the judeo-christian tradition, but has been ignored. Religious sociologists believe that these new religious movements, born in the east, may allow westerners to rediscover their traditions.
　　In highly industrialized societies, the industrial, social, and technological revolutions have brought about great changes in society. The traditional social structure disintegrated and replaced by the non-personified bureaucracy. The traditional family pattern changed, and the nuclear family emerged instead. Due to flow operation and highly mechanized, informationization, computerized, lack of necessary emotional communication between people, everywhere is the ruthless law, regulations and articles of association, statisfied, handle affairs according to law, make people feel they face a society, no warmth in the highly mobile society, people can not find a sense; In a society where technology leads everything, people use reason more than emotion and intuition to face the world. Although they are materially rich, they are spiritually empty. But traditional religions, which have been turned off by secular culture, no longer provide spiritual comfort. At this time, theism came into being, which is more suitable for the living needs of contemporary people.
　　62. Advocate extraordinary direct experience, which is an important feature of the divine movement. On the one hand, mankind has made brilliant achievements in the macroscopic celestial bodies, microscopic substances and social life with the application of science. It represses human nature; It makes people satisfied and it makes them fall in front of it. Therefore, drug addiction, the search for roots in culture, the search for the reaffirmation of human factors in myths and witchcraft, and the recovery of oneself in the new religious movement constitute a peculiar anti-rational culture and become the destructive force that attacks and misunderstands modern western civilization and reason, and people feel modern western civilization is in collapse. The idea that the world is going to end arises in some people, so people want to regain control of themselves, to seek themselves and to prove themselves. Paranormal experiences are personal experiences, and people practice them.
　　In today's large-scale social production and Internet scientific and technological revolution, we draw on all the achievements of human thought to create new values.
　　Our Christianity, which is modern, is actually a theism. Marxism has been proved to be in need of revision.
　　Is separation of church and state always the truth? This is the era of mass production and Internet technology revolution. God can only wait for man to give heaven after death? This life is a hierarchy, right? The final form of humanity must be communism, for it is the most equal and perfect.
　　God has always believed in Jesus, in the bible.
　　Now we think, this world is originally god, but Jesus, the bible is not fully revealed, so we want to go after the true god, and more importantly open ourselves so that the true god can reveal us.
　　The bible does not exhaust the truth, does not exhaust god, this is obvious, because the truth is infinite god is infinite.
　　The bible, Jesus 2000, human beings are not happy, the heaven after the unprovable death is too empty, social production and the Internet technology revolution today, our religious beliefs should be promoted?
　　We believe in the existence of a creator, according to create the main line, in order to easy and has been established, we call it god, but not limited to the bible, god may not necessarily be the Lord, more is not necessarily the Jesus, we now seek god, to explore the nature, to search for people, as well as the relations between and among, this is a historical mission. May god reveal us, amen!
　　Jesus is the only savior, but the new testament says that Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, etc. Disagree? And Jesus has been suffering for two thousand years. Don't tell me to die and go to heaven.
　　So what do you say about immortality? Those who believe in Jesus for eternal life, give an example and ask him to say something. We in the divine church are looking for eternal life, looking for eternal life, from the dusty body to the spiritual body, asking god for it, and dusty, spiritual, eternal is the ＾wordofgod￣ three chapters.
　　It is not from Jesus that the two great sources of theism are Christianity and communism, the ＾wordofgod￣ comes from the bible, and the kris inherits Jesus, but the divine religion regards Jesus as the son of god, not god, and the bible does not exhaust the truth, so god seeks higher truth to be closer to god.
　　The bible is only god's part, which is obvious, because god still has the right to speak, and the bible is only for the people of the time, if god is talking now, there will be social production and the content of the Internet technology revolution, god is certainly higher now than he was 2,000 years ago.
　　Jesus is the son of god, not god, and the son of god is his self-proclaimed self. Jesus simply fulfilled god's mission for his generation. With social mass production and the Internet technology revolution, god's mission is different. Salvation can only come from god himself, which believer Jesus did not die? If yes, let him come out and say something. But now it's different.
　　Nietzsche once said that christians are the last, and he expected superman.
　　In modern society, if a Christian thinks faith in Jesus saved all day, zhang SAN is there salvation, li si to have salvation, in discussing these, it seems a bit must be saved, read the bible, refer to some texts, and think of god to the requirements of modern society, don't want to change to modern society, not the pursuit of happiness, just want to go to heaven after death, such a person, is not really the pursuit of the people of god, is not truly believe in people.
　　In today's two major "social production and Internet technology revolution", the Christian faith is still a mere formality. Reading scripture and praying is not so sure that I believe in Jesus. I was saved.
　　We are theologians, heirs to Christianity, and we recognize Jesus as the son of god, but not god. We seek a higher Lord, a higher Gospel.
　　It is the beginning of a new heaven and a new earth, the end of the old system and the beginning of a new society, and the construction.
　　How can a true modern thinker be bound by the bible 2,000 years ago? How can we be bound by Christian tradition? Christianity itself is separated from Judaism and takes the old testament as the bible, but the old testament Lord Judaism does not accept Jesus as the savior at all, believing that Jesus is irrelevant to the old testament, that the jewish savior was born to be king, not crucified, and that the jewish people are still waiting for the messiah to come.
　　The spirit of the communist society, which is now materialistic (the two great social production and the Internet revolution), is exactly what our god religion is doing.
　　Create new values -- the values of the people of ge yi-min, the principle of communism, god as a branch, with god's decree to conquer the hearts of people, let the world accept, let the world great harmony.
　　76. Islam is the second largest religion in the world. I respect mu SAN. For the same reason I respect the Buddha, for the same reason I respect all traditional religions that are still practiced today.
　　God will answer no prayer. The function of prayer is simply to keep in touch with god and, to put it bluntly, to believe in god.
　　To kill one's father, wife and mother is the highest state of life
　　Kill father, wife and mother, god cannot do, sorry.
　　What goe needs to do is to guess.
　　Is there a god? Where does god come from? The bible says it's unconvincing. Where is god? Heaven cannot prove it. Omnipresent, unconvincing. Where is god? Heaven cannot prove it. What does god want us humans to do? Better to believe in him than satan, at least satan gives me wisdom. Now the ＾wordofgod￣ is going to solve this puzzle.
　　The hottest subject in China for the next five years must be theology. Theology is the supreme science of the study of god and ＾wordofgod￣s. The greatest development of mankind is not material or technological, but the development of the relationship between man and god.
　　How to develop from ordinary people to saints - god man, is the subject of future science! Only in this way can religion, philosophy and science be unified!
　　I have: the book "the ＾wordofgod￣s" published. Paper journal published. Two "＾wordofgod￣" news, several "social production and the Internet revolution" news. Web site. WeChat public account subscriber. Individual post bar, more than 10,000 members. Baidu post bar big V thinker certification, sina weibo, tenxun weibo orange V writer certification, more than 10,000 followers, weibo we-media writers. Subscribers of weibo fan service platform. Baidu reading certification author. Baidu wenku certified authors. Believers.
　　Our ultimate goal: a communist society under the care of god (free men's union), without religion or government. We want to build a society where all of us are brothers and sisters and lead communist lives in the belief of a common god.
　　I think the combination of politics and religion, ultimately no government and no religion, free people association. The future communist society will be a federation of free men and there will be no more dictatorship.
　　I'm ultimately immortal, I want to be truly immortal, always have sense. Realize communism first, eternal life: 1. Divine decree. Or 2. Technology.
　　The premise of brothers is the same parents, everyone is brothers, that is, everyone is the same "parent", that is, the "parent" is god, that is, god kris. Without the premise of sharing one god, no one is all brothers and no one is truly equal.
　　The Gospel of divinity, that is, communism and eternal life. God gave the world communism and eternal life.Theocratic communism is the ultimate system of society and the ultimate concern of human beings.
　　In a communist society, everyone has the absolute freedom to work hard without the possibility of suffering.
　　Communism is the last form of human society. It must be perfect. Of course, it is democracy and freedom. The communist government is not a dictatorship, but a mere service, a federation of freemen. National and individual freedoms are all cultures, because political democracy and freedom and mutual assistance, economic equality, in a word, all people are brothers and sisters.
　　Marriage, children and family are the source of one's happiness. Of course, some people do not need to be free, and there are many unmarried infertile people in modern society.
　　For yourself, is there a law of conscience? Will you work yourself if your needs are assigned to you? The concrete implementation of communism, of course, must be discussed and revised in practice, now is only the direction. 66 is only a communist article, sexual satisfaction does not cost, does not cost resources, of course beauty and ugliness should be voluntary, has said voluntary as the foundation.
　　Our god is the god of god (kris), not the god of Christianity (Jesus), and, of course, it is possible that both are one god.
　　God is not visible; he is a prophet. The Lord cannot see, and Jesus can see. Allah is invisible, muhammad is visible; God cannot be seen, kris can be seen. Christianity is about Jesus, Islam is about muhammad, and god is about kris.
　　Christians believe not in god, but in Jesus, the god of Jesus' revelation. Muslims believe not in god, but in muhammad, the god of muhammad's revelation; The followers of god believe in kris, the god who inspires them.
　　Only those who suffer can bear the sufferings of others. I have to bear my pain to redeem the suffering of mankind.
　　Not only sympathize, but redeem. Find a way to make life better for everyone in the world. This is the savior.
　　God is one; therefore god wants unity. The war, killing and killing and bloodshed are human inspirations, and the war is still going on. Therefore, the god church should renew its unity and publicize the Gospel of kris.
　　For we consider kris a great vision, "I am god; hear him." To let the whole world know, ge hua works hard to preach on the Internet. The Gospel of kris, the Gospel of the Internet age.
　　I do not want to believe, as long as people know, because it is possible to believe.
　　Geyima (Jesus Marx of kris)
　　Guzman =gym= kris.
　　The belief that the universe and life are meaningful is by no means meaningless.
　　Today more than ever, there is a need for a savior, and more than ever, for mankind to cultivate one.
　　Man is above all material.
　　98. God has ten wisdoms, and nine copies have been given to Ge Yimin.
　　99, 20191001 Ge Yimin became a god, since then human life has become better and better, until 20331126 The world is the same.
　　100. Ge Yimin is a contemporary Christian communism, the top ten Ziwei saints, and the nine major net philosophers.
　　101. Ge Yimin is two layers higher than God and three layers higher than human beings.
　　〃〃God: Ge Yimin created the creator, the creator created God, and God created mankind.
　　102. In the eyes of Ge Hua, the Supreme God and Lord in the hearts of Christians all over the world, they are only created by two Hua Hua, Jesus and Ge God.
　　103. I think, is there a creator in this universe? If so, then the universe and human beings are meaningful; If not, just by chance, the universe and mankind have no meaning.
s Chapter 12 Quotations
　　Only when everyone is allowed to speak their mind can we find the best, such as ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　2. We have electricity and Internet, but Jesus, muhammad, sakyamuni, Confucius and lao-tzu can no longer be produced.
　　About women: my other half.
　　About money: money is good.
　　About friendship: fate.
　　6. About death: destination.
　　About the world: accident.
　　About life: taking time.
　　9. Dreams: second life.
　　About life: you can only have one life.
　　Life: never fails.
　　About others: don't care what others say.
　　About the world: freedom, equality and fraternity.
　　When Lin daiyu falls in love with jia baoyu, it is not true love.
　　Everyone is dreaming of a good lover. How can you be good to yourself, but can you be a good lover to others? What about him? So there is no love in the world, no good men (women).
　　There's always an eighteen-year-old girl, and you're getting older.
　　17. Nietzsche dreamed of the superman, who he said would despise all human beings. This is a kind of "great contempt, love of contempt, love of the most contemptible." God kris has this feeling now.
　　The President of the world and the sanitation workers should be paid the same, except that the division of work is different and voluntary.
　　The President of the world is but a small accountant who distributes wealth and is no more noble than anyone else.
　　"Some people in this world have nothing, and some people have too much." we can say no!!!
　　From the state foreign exchange reserves :)
　　I will not attack unless I am attacked. I'm not a criminal if I'm attacked.
　　Life can be simply satisfied, the soul of the satisfaction of the pursuit.
　　The human body is not sin, but an evil thought in the human heart.
　　25, the mood of a person speaking on the Internet, the reader will understand the contrary, misunderstanding will arise.
　　Anyone can say anything anyone says on the Internet. A pig butcher, it can be said that Einstein did not understand science; A little bastard can call Jesus an idiot, and stand up straight.
　　A basic guess: no one believes in god 100 percent.
　　All sin is allowed to be ordered by god.
　　God's good student satan bears his burden and works with god.
　　The only fair thing in this world is time and death.
　　The law of great man's wife: almost all great men have multiple wives (girlfriends), the emperor need not say, ha ha:)
　　As a godsman, I think beautiful women are the most lovely. As a member of the god party, I think ugly and swarthy peasant brothers and sisters are the most lovely :)
　　I learned to value every minute of my time under any circumstances, even waiting for a bus. I learned to wait patiently at any time, in any situation, and to cherish every minute of waiting, because life in general is aimless.
　　Hold infinity in the palm of your right hand and experience eternity in an hour.
　　I have surpassed Jesus, past and present, and beyond all, and beyond all, and I am truly the first man under heaven.
　　I grasp both action and thought with one hand, and both hands must be hard :)
　　You may have any thought, and you are not guilty until you turn it into action that hurts another.
　　We all know freedom of speech well, but we don't know it when our own interests infringe on the freedom of speech of others.
　　God ge is a play for the world and angels.
　　This is one of the most shameful of peoples, whose 1.4 billion masters have been manipulated by 140, 000 servants and are helpless.
　　Jesus is a fable, and kris is a reality.
　　Let me put it this way: with the Internet, we can make rapid progress without revolution.
　　What kind of people care about what kind of content.
　　The video series during the 28 years of trial of kris, people will understand what is love and seek truth.
　　Politics is for ordinary people. The elite of society play economy, philosophy, religion, science, technology, culture, entertainment and sports to improve people's quality of life.
　　The three principles of the communist society are voluntary, voluntary and voluntary. Otherwise everything will be empty. Such communist life is voluntary, based on faith and love, and does not have institutional compulsion.
　　It is self-evident that as long as there is a class of rich and poor in any society, there will be a revolution of theft, robbery, deception and murder, and there will never be harmony.
　　To transform society is mainly to transform people. Faith is for heaven forever and for happiness in this world.
　　Why there is a conflict between the present and the future? You can't have both.
　　It's human nature to be envious, to look on others' kindness and to gloat over others' misfortune. When others succeed, they will reflect back their own shortcomings, while when others are unlucky, they will comfort their shortcomings.
　　Freedom of speech is a matter of contention, and if everyone gives way to the great power, China will always be the great qing, the great qin. Do not die without liberty. The Chinese could never do it. They would rather live a humble life. Chinese people like this, one side to shout that there is no freedom of speech, one face is not allowed to others free speech. While cursing the darkness of the medieval inquisition, he served as a judge on the Internet, casually labeling others as heretics, cults, fifty cents, idiots, traitors, gods and sticks, and eliminating them with a little power.
　　Whether we call it religion, faith, politics, civilization, or culture, what is needed is the ability to change society and the heart of the people. In the age of Internet technology, material has been or will soon be abundant. The problem is the human heart, the political system, the distribution, the culture, the freedom, the satisfaction of the soul, and that is the mission of the divine religion.
　　A pile of wheat, containing good wheat and pebbles,
　　When you sieve the pebbles down,
　　In the sieve: all good wheat,
　　Under the sieve: it's full of pebbles.
　　Some looked through a sieve and thought that the heap was full of good wheat.
　　Some people just looked under the sieve and thought the heap of wheat was full of pebbles.
　　It's true for everyone, it's true for everything.
　　No violent revolution is needed in the age of the Internet, for everyone gets the same information, changes his mind and makes his own choices as well.
　　Love one more than oneself.
　　Love is better than self.
　　Love makes you happy.
　　Science is only useful for material things. Man needs faith, and the soul needs faith.
　　Everyone thinks that they are better than others, and they wish everyone could be worse than themselves. Is there any better way to find a psychological balance than to scold him for being a stronger person online?
　　Despite the fact that over 2 billion so-called christians around the world claim to believe in Jesus as their Lord and hope Jesus will come soon.
　　The six great leaders of the international communist movement: marnlestrade.
　　Jesus + Marx + Michael Jackson + guo jing + tang bohu = ge yimin god.
　　Ge is the first world President and global spiritual leader.
　　To tell you the truth, you are also ge hua's friend, ge yi people god is still trying time, everything is intentional, is to play a big play, the next big game.
　　Knowing and doing are one, and loving heart makes loving behavior.
　　Happiness is because of love.
　　Your happiness will be as great as your love.
　　Sexual freedom and distribution according to needs are now only conceived, or proposed, for concrete implementation. Of course, good planning, practice and revision are necessary. Once realized, the morality of the vast majority of people will be improved, and everyone will have the restriction of the law of conscience, because of the inequality, people's morality is hidden.
　　All gods are brothers and sisters, unite together.
　　God kris is the spiritual teacher and incarnation of god in this age.
　　It is true that theism is exploring man's final form.
　　What use do you say the Gospel? Not sure about going to heaven after death? What good does the Gospel have to do with the disabled beggars on the streets, the people who commit suicide by debt, the people who survive in pain every day? And say to them, what is the use of believing in Jesus for salvation?
　　The old testament refers to the Lord god, the new testament to Jesus, the ＾wordofgod￣ to god himself (creator, creator), the higher Lord is god, and not god's son Jesus. We seek god himself, not the biblical Jesus, which forms the higher Gospel.
　　Is salvation certain? Who dares say? What is a certificate? Believe in Jesus? A scripture? Do a good deed, give all your property to the poor, starve and freeze to death, and immediately go to heaven, benefit others and yourself.
　　My Lord is GOD, the creator, not Jesus, Jesus is my teacher. Yes, because Nietzsche did not believe in god, his superman road was blocked, and finally went to art. My superman refers to the better belief in god, the better spiritual acquisition of the spiritual body, instead of the dusty body, to eternal life with god.
　　The theory of cause and effect? You have no compassion, a baby who was born sick, who survived for a few days, what did he do wrong? You're not talking about past lives, are you?
　　My god is called god by his name, which means, "I am god, listen to him." The one over there.
　　The Internet is locked. This is impossible. Just like the great invention of electricity before, can you imagine that human beings stop using electricity? The Internet technology revolution will go deeper and deeper into life and change life.
　　I inherited Moses and Jesus, and this was my dream. So which Christian is immortal? Name one and ask him to post a pledge that seven billion people around the world believe in Jesus.
　　Real people should look to the future and create it. The godless is now studying social mass production and the Internet revolution, not the death bible 2,000 years ago.
　　Why is there war and struggle, material imbalance and struggle for material. In communist society, distribution according to need, material equality, everyone is brothers. In today's two major (social production and the Internet revolution), the realization of the concept of democracy and the realization of the communist society, the material conditions have been met, just as the spiritual conditions have been met, namely, the renewal of the human mind, and the Gospel of the concept of democracy has been spread around the world and accepted by mankind.
　　Someone greater than Jesus, the Buddha, or the Buddha... I was born.
　　Reading the bible is a skill that all men can read, and writing the bible is a skill. To believe in Christianity is what one has to believe. To create "Christianity" is what one has to do. To believe in one doctrine is nothing, to believe in all, to create one.
　　Everyone should remember that the world itself is the most important, no matter parents or children, no matter what god thinks, no matter what leader.
　　Winners always call losers evil, evil, and evil.
　　It is far more meaningful to do one's own thing than to stop others, because to do one's own thing is one's own achievement, while to stop others is only to let others not achieve, and oneself still have no achievement. We don't stop a religion, we start a new one.
　　The best ideas do not spread to zero, and the Internet provides the best tools.
　　It is also true that kris was a maoism, that all ideas were inherited, but that the concept of communism was first proposed by Christian theologians. Marx inherited it.
　　The biggest difference between kua democracy and marxism is the exclusion of violent revolutions, which cannot achieve the purpose of changing the social form of the economy.
　　The world participates in the formation of new values, constantly revising them, and the Internet provides an opportunity.
　　Kris ＾wordofgod￣ is god's word, god's contemporary word.
　　No amount of people, no amount of years, no amount of hard work will ever achieve communism. And I can do it alone, 2019.
　　The modern people are too tired to live, they work hard for money all their lives, and they only want to earn money to support their families all their lives. Everyone is a slave to money and does not care about the true meaning of life or the true beauty of life.
　　The core doctrine of theism is not to oppose anyone. My life experiences, see the ＾wordofgod￣.
　　Go along with the trend and create better conditions while making progress according to your own conditions.
　　God is alone, which is why he was created, so that he may have a love object.
　　God still has the right to speak today, and I am Jesus again, this time to build an eternal new world.
　　＾wordofgod￣ is god's word, is the new faith - Christian communism, is popular and easy to understand, faces all mankind.
　　93. Since ancient times, thinkers, philosophers, and writers have been poor, such as Jesus, Marx, and Nietzsche.
　　We must explore the ultimate human form without prejudice to the absolute freedom of the third party.
　　I am more a communist than a Christian.
　　96, total feudalism, has an ideal; Two is capitalism, have reality; We three communists are communism because two great realizations have been achieved.
　　As long as there are people hurting people in this world, we will reform it.
　　Since ancient times, literary people have been relatively light to each other. Now on the Internet, everyone is a scholar.
　　There is no truth beyond the ＾wordofgod￣, no salvation beyond the god ge.
　　Ge shen da.
　　God ge is so great that he wants to change the minds of mankind.
　　Christianity has no monopoly, but I believe in the creator and that this is the only meaning of life.
　　God is human.
　　It is ridiculous to believe in Jesus to be saved.
　　There is no salvation outside the Christian church, which is the doctrine of the curse.
　　It is the happiest thing to serve the people, because others have help for you.
　　108. You have your own mind, and it just so happens that you have a little reputation.
　　No matter who writes the recollection article,
　　Lin biao's gang of four persecuted themselves,
　　Zhou enlai protected himself.
　　Don't you serve the people Isn't the higher the position, the higher the thought of serving the people? How become oneself pay is higher? How the world's first joy and joy?
　　On behalf of the yellow people, I, ge yimin, join hands with the black people to thank the white people for bringing modern politics, economy, culture, democracy and science to us and bringing convenience to modern life, such as electricity, various living appliances, modern transportation tools, communication tools, computers, mobile phones and the Internet. Without you white people, we yellow people black people, still living in a dark feudal slave society today, 100 million years will not change.
　　The day has come when men and women are equal
　　Now, a mother holding a little boy, open the file, an old woman can touch the little boy's little finch, while saying that the little finch fly, the little finch fly.
　　If one day, a father holding a little girl, open the file, an old man can touch little girl's little BB, while saying little BB flew, little BB flew, this day is the first year of equality between men and women.
　　Today we have reached two requirements of our own
　　Rice (steamed bread) and water.
　　A word of god, kris, refuted the evil report of the wheel
　　-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - him.
　　Eternal life is the only value of life.
　　Now it seems: no matter how poor or bitter it is, no disease is a blessing.
　　Life is most precious, this can not come again, everything else can come again.
　　116, curse should be useful, what should the army do?
　　If the meat is reduced, the emperor becomes a skeleton.
　　117. Thoughts are inherited. Marx writes books not at home behind closed doors, but at the British Museum. Why?
　　118. The family of Jesus is also sick and dying.
　　119, a section of ＾wordofgod￣s and blood, 100,000 flowers and 100,000 soldiers.
　　120, everything belongs to the ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　121. Solving the problems arising from science in scientific development, rather than stagnation, is not pulling backwards.
　　127. It is not the organization of our party that is a cult , don't try.
　　128. The government will not win you through debate, but will directly seal your mouth.
　　129, no one cares about the idea, the star put a P, fragrant.
　　130. Only the JB of the Communist Party can be the Japanese Tiger B. Only the JB of the Zhao family can develop into the day, referred to as Zhao Ritian.
　　131. Our JB Deng Comrade¨s JB can¨t be a woman.
　　But every day
　　Because he is the JB of Zhao, referred to as Zhao Ritian
　　Japanese women have refractory period, no day
　　It¨s been 40 years
　　Sunrise 1 trillion
　　Do you say that women in the day are comfortable, or are they comfortable everyday?
　　Therefore, Ge Yimin, a god, is a small day and a woman.
　　123. I Ge Yimin sat down by the river in Zhenjiang. When I think of the death of so many old cadres, I will cry. It is a precious asset of the party and the government.
　　124. Lu Xun today, instead of taking the manuscript fee to live the upper class, he was banned and forced to work.
　　125. Regardless of urban and rural areas, a few old men around the world are meeting of the Politburo. All they talk about are national events and world events.
　　126. You see Marx, Lenin, Mao Zedong, Deng Xiaoping, and Xi Jinping are looking up. I am a follower of Ge Yimin. I am three stories higher than them.
　　127. Christians look at Jesus as looking up. I am a god of the gods. I am two stories higher than him.
　　128. The ultimate in democracy is that Ge Yimin is the master.
　　129, the ＾wordofgod￣ has said that the Qing Dynasty is Daqin, now Qing, called the post-Qin, the same.
　　130, we are talking about me, not you, that is, I win.
　　131. Any old man is a young girl decades ago.
　　132, Gehua Wen Yi is happy, Gehua as long as popular.
　　133. It is good for oneself, and the standard of truth is a big discussion; it is not good for itself, not for argument.
　　134, 2019 Ge Yimin gave himself a small goal to achieve communism globally.
　　135. Throughout the post, everyone's replies are all about things, but Ge Hua re-reads the ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　136. The essence of socialism is the feudal society. If you don't know this, you can't find a way out.
　　137, Minghui news, the first few are disciples were arrested and killed by the disease, the latter few are other disciples to read Dafa to death and rehabilitation.
　　138, the people do not fight with the official, summoned to detain the four sets of guns.
　　139, Gehua: China and the world, need the wisdom of Ge God?
　　140. Why does the party and the government reject the wisdom of Ge God?
　　141. I, Ge Yimin, prayed to the Buddha and returned to the Lord Jesus.
　　142. Peng¨s mother¨s waste paper box, will Peng¨s mother take it out and sell it?
　　143, Gehua does not know what is a classic, but Gehua knows that the ＾wordofgod￣ canon is a classic.
　　144. In China, the second and third generations of the Red and the third generations are rich and rich, and without their ancestors, they will have a happy life today (with ancient scrolls as them). To blame, you can only blame your ancestors for not participating in the Old Red Army and the Old Eighth Route.
　　145. Jesus is resurrected, where is it now, the United States? Peter, Paul, John, where is eternal life? United States? Can four people post a tweet?
　　Someone with a slight mind understands: Jesus died, the apostles died, and Christians since 2000 have died.
　　Speaking of the resurrection of eternal life, where is man now? If Jesus lived, even in heaven, why did he not reveal the New and New Testament?
　　It has been proved in 2000 that faith in Jesus cannot live forever. How can modern people expect Jesus to teach?
　　So Ge Shen's "＾wordofgod￣" came out.
　　146, we also believe in the Bible and Jesus, but we now believe that the Bible alone is not enough, so write ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　Not only will we go to heaven after we die, we will build the earth into heaven now.
　　147. Let everyone live a basic good life that society can provide.
　　Many, we believe in Jesus. I have read the Old Testament nine times and the New Testament eighteen times.
　　Sister Pigeon, we are Christians. We now value Jesus over God Ge.
　　Sister Pigeon, agree, the so-called Ge Shen, half dreams, half hype. Mu Sheng is a political and religious leader, so the Islamic religion develops. When our Lord Jesus suffered, it was not that there were very few followers. The development of Christianity can only be that Jesus is God.
　　Our Lord Jesus lived for 33 years and had no right, no power, no wealth. Now that Christianity is the first religion, why do people believe him? It can only be God.
　　We see that so many suffering people in this world really want an early date and a new earth.
　　148, Ge Shen has "＾wordofgod￣", there is the official website of the god, he is God, he lacks nothing, but he lacks money.
　　149. Ge Yimin and Jesus were born in the winter evening.
　　150. Everyone has the impulse to "can't wait to kill you", but they all know that there are consciences and legal restrictions.
　　151. In China, promotion and wealth are justified. Gao Gan's children are rich and wealthy, righteous and righteous. Without their father to serve the people, how could we (the original text be them) have a happy life. To blame, you can only blame your father for not willing to serve the people.
　　152. If my Ge Yimin is infected with new crown pneumonia, I would rather be transmitted to me by a beauty.
　　153. People all over the world can tweet on Facebook, but only the Chinese people and brothers North Koreans can't, because of reactionary information. Governments around the world are not afraid of their own people viewing reactionary information. Only the Chinese government and the fraternal North Korean government are afraid. It is nothing more than reactionary information. They are afraid that the people will wake up and discover this secret hidden in Weiguang Zheng's robe.
　　154. Comrade Xi Jinping learnt that Comrade Mao Zedong personally worshiped and deified, saying that the baby no longer has to worry about the rebellion of new Liu Shaoqi and Lin Biao.
　　155. Thieves and Huahuazi are not outstanding communists.
　　156. I am a communist by nature and have always had a good impression of Christianity. I bought the Bible on New Year's Day in 2000. Just looking at the beginning, it fits my thoughts, so I believe in God. After going online, I have been on the Christian website. Later, my disciple's son of light told me that the origin of communism was Christianity. I found "Christian communism", and I became a contemporary Christian communism.
　　157. I, God Ge Minmin, claim to be a communist. I hope that your first impression is that God Ge seeks human equality, not that God Ge wants to share your property.
　　158. I think I am depicting the future, and today is the two major (socialized production and Internet revolution), a better future has been realized.
　　Today's global productivity and technology can enable all people (poor people?) To lead a better life. It is really unnecessary to consume political infighting. I really seem to pass through the future communist society.
　　159. Where people think that the Chinese are of low quality and are not suitable for democracy. The implication is that he is not among the low quality. In 1986, I GeYimin.
　　160. To love parents and people's parents makes sense; to love children and people's children also makes sense; to love wives and people's wives does not make sense.
　　161 Ancient and modern, both at home and abroad, criminal offenders are shameful and criminal offenders are honorable.
　　162. People all over the world should be grateful to the United States because they all enjoy the high-quality modern life that the United States brings. All animals know how to be grateful, and they all know how to wag their tails when they give a piece of food to the dog. Those who don't know how to thank the United States, even those who are anti-American, are ungrateful and inferior to beasts.
　　163. Chongta does not have a strategy for God¨s religion. Ge Shen repeatedly rushes to the tower, resulting in the cancellation of all domain names registered by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. Domestic hosts cannot continue to use them. Two domain names (godjiao.com and geyimin.com) have been blocked successively and cannot be accessed in China. The teaching career suffered heavy losses.
　　164. If I were within the system, there would be no god net and ＾wordofgod￣ god religion, and human beings would be in the dark forever, like a long night.
　　165. No one is qualified to tell me what I can and cannot see. This is basic freedom and human rights. You can take care of what I do. What I look at is completely my freedom. You can't control it. 
　　166. I don't care what other people think of me. I think they are not worse than anyone, ancient and modern, Chinese and foreign. And I look at everyone else, they're just animals.
　　167. The network comments on me. No matter whether the information is true or false, I still include it into the ＾wordofgod￣. Just as some netizens pointed out that I can log on as others say. If it is a real-time comment, I will reply. I will not reply to overdue comments. I am familiar with ＾wordofgod￣s and can distinguish between true and false.
　　168. Girls are similar, and women have their own merits.
　　169. Because omnipotence can revive mankind; Because of the resurrection of mankind, it is omnipotent. Resurrection is the greatest miracle and the only meaning of mankind.
　　Since the birth of the world, there has been no fairness. We look forward to a new heaven and earth, fairness and equality.
　　170. Only parents love you sincerely and selflessly. No matter how old you are, you are always small in the eyes of your parents.
　　171. The dead exist in different ways, because they are with us. Believe that people do not only have this life.
　　172. The most beautiful thing in the world is the beautiful human body:)
　　173. It is difficult for one person to read another person's book, and it is also difficult for one person to visit another person's website.
　　174. There were British Puritans who came to the United States without religious freedom.
　　Today, there are Chinese god Ge without internet freedom. God net, nerve and God GE's strange news came to the United States.
　　175. Don't look at me as short, eat while RB:)
　　Can you find the dividing line between the thigh and the butt of a beautiful woman?
　　176. Suicide is the last thing a person can do.

Chapter thirteen: the biography
　　1. On the night of 19690131, ge yimin was born in jurong, jiangsu province, China.
　　2, 1974--75, kindergarten.
　　3, 1975- 80, primary school, join the red soldier :) first listen to Hong Kong good friend Gospel platform, feel warm, like. Deep impression of the program for desert oasis.
　　4. 1980-83, junior high school, joined the communist youth league in the end.
　　5, 1983-86, high school.
　　Five steps to reunify the world:
　　Peking University, abroad, Nobel Prize for literature, society, united world.
　　He was 16 years old.
　　Passing a small church of Christ, I felt very holy.
　　6, 1986-90, department of Chinese language and literature, nanjing university. During the visit, I went to the jinling theological seminary in nanjing, where I was fascinated by the names of my brothers and sisters. When I graduated, the message board said I believe in Christianity. Class graduation party, one person said, I suddenly said: "god bless us!" .
　　7. From 1990 to 2000, I was assigned to work in jiangsu provincial agricultural capital company and settled in zhenjiang. There will be a craftsman, a cause (the first cause), the first push of Newton's arm, an immaterial "life force" being, and the recognition of god's existence. Read two bible stories, then, on New Year's day 2000, read the bible, immediately attracted to the word, believed god.
　　8, 2001, go online to spread (do website, BBS).
　　9, 2003, xinhua news agency jiangsu branch news and information zhenjiang branch work.
　　10. In 2004, the first draft written by the ＾wordofgod￣ (ye mei jing, ge yimin jing) was published on the network, which was then updated continuously.
　　11, 2012, the establishment of the divine church, the divine party, clearly as a value, not an organization.
　　12, 2012--19, peacefully exporting the harmonious god values of kris, whose content is the ＾wordofgod￣.
　　13, 20191001, Ge Yimin became a god.
　　14, 2019--2033, Ge Yimin's gospel spread throughout the world, accepted by the world.
　　15, 20331126, Datong of the World.

Chapter 14 the story of Geyimin
　　(1) children
　　(2) ding village primary school
　　(iii) dazhong middle school
　　(iv) jurong senior high school
　　Nanjing university
　　(vi) jiangsu agricultural resources
　　(7) society
　　(8) xinhua news agency
　　(9) cultural media
　　
　　(1) children
　　On January 31, 1969, the coldest day of the year was minus 12 degrees. When my mother conceived me, I was flat in my stomach and turned around for three months. Day grandma have to sleep, I thought tonight don't have children, too cold, also didn't sleep, my mother is just sleep, stomach ache, dad to shout, grandma to birth, dare to please the midwife, was born may, namely one foot out first, STH over and over again for a long time, my feet frozen purple, everyone present thought useless, also dare not say to my mother. At about 11 o 'clock in the evening, he finally gave birth peacefully.
　　2. The time is a big family, including father, wife, grandfather, grandma, father, mother, sister-in-law, uncle, brother, two years later there is a brother. He was born a landlord.
　　3. There is a slogan on the wall: "down with Japanese imperialism".
　　4, 1974--75, kindergarten. Can sing a play, I play the liberation army, also outside the village performance, the farmer audience is many, others say to my mother I play good.
　　5, do not like to move, love static, once stood in the uncle village primary school blackboard front half a day, make fun of a fool.
　　When you are 3 years old, you want to find an elixir of life from a cactus or some herb. When you see a cactus on the house, you wonder if you will live forever.
　　That's where ＾wordofgod￣s come from.
　　When I was 7 or 3 years old, I drank the urine of a 7-year-old girl. For some reason, my neighbor, who was 7 years old, had a little bowel movement in front of my house.
　　8. He stole knives from primary school students when he was in kindergarten.
　　9. Because the family was a landlord, in the old days of the fourth century, my grandfather burned the Kangxi dictionary in the stove, fearing that people would copy the dictionary from home.
　　10. When I was young, everyone was poor. An old lady (Gaoying) had a sour rice and couldn't bear to throw it away. She washed it with boiling water several times before eating it.
　　(2) ding village primary school
　　1, 1975- 80, primary school, first listen to Hong Kong good friend Gospel platform, feel warm, like. Deep impression of the program for desert oasis. The result is always top spear.
　　I changed my score from 60 to 80 and 70 to 90 in my first grade report card. My brother, father and grandfather made fun of me, but they didn't blame me.
　　3. Participated in the county mathematics competition.
　　4. I like some girls vaguely.
　　5. Fear of dealing with teachers (leaders), which has influenced me so far.
　　6. I don't understand why I have to pay back the money borrowed from relatives.
　　7. Seeing miss wu zhaofeng sitting on a bus, I was very envious.
　　8. Smear out the words "reward" in the book awarded by teacher cao yuangen. I said someone else did it, and said a name, the teacher asked xu rui, he said there was no such person, so I was slapped by the teacher.
　　9. Join the red soldier and put on the red scarf.
　　10. At the primary school students' meeting critical of deng xiaoping, lang sang a small poem, the content of which can not be remembered, but only remembered the end of which was "criticism and criticism stink and criticism", which seemed to be co-written by me, my brother and my grandpa. I read with my head tilted. My classmates called me with my head tilted.
　　12, in the neighbor xu rui home, found that there was no light bulb under the wire, he said the wire has electricity, I do not believe it, standing on the wooden bench to touch the wire with your hand, immediately by electricity, as if by vigorously open arms.
　　13. I don't want others to be kind to myself. There was a time when the whole family ate lunch. My grandmother put a piece of meat in my bowl. I immediately caught it and threw it to the ground, which was very unfriendly.
　　14. When my grandpa died of cerebral hemorrhage, he stopped inside the house, and I saw that there was always gas in his mouth. I have never cried, and my mother scolded me.
　　15. Once home from school, my grandfather and mother disputed a poem: "Spring sleep does not know the dawn, smelling birds everywhere; the sound of the wind and rain at night, how many flowers fall." Or: "Yanmian (Yimin) does not know the dawn , Smelling birds everywhere; the sound of wind and rain in spring, how many flowers fall. "
　　16. There was a school math contest. I had a teacher to make a mistake. I should be the first. Grandpa was going to school to find a teacher.
　　17. I take a nap in the summer. Sometimes when I'm on duty, I use a pencil to touch the eyelashes of my classmates. If I blink, it means the classmates are not asleep.
　　18. At the end of the siesta, some students mischievously poured water on my table, saying that I urinate, and the teacher asked me when I believed it.
　　19. Grandpa was touched by a tractor, and the other party gave me a lot of tomatoes. He asked me to eat them, but I didn't eat them. He was strange and said it was not poison.
　　20. Herd cattle and ride on the back of the bull, a little scared. The ox enters the river to the opposite bank, afraid that he will not be able to take it back, and the ox returns by himself.
　　21. Xu Rui, Cao Weimin, I, fishing for fish, we distribute fairly, unlike adults who care about, wrote a composition.
　　22. Because of dissatisfaction with Cao Weimin, he tore up Cao Weimin's book during class.
　　23. Jurong County Mathematics Competition, I went to the county town to participate in the competition, and I felt very comfortable by taking a bus.
　　24. My brother was at the door, and there was a fire in the flowing water cave. My uncle asked us to talk to each other.
　　25, grandma said: make money to make you (Ge Yimin). In my memory, at home, next to the water tank, there was a girl, like his cousin Cao Hui.
　　26, high school, took 2 cents from classmates.
　　27. Zhou Xingbin said that the teacher looked at people to serve the soup, and Wen said that he would serve GeYimin broth and bring you vegetable soup.
　　One arrangement, three moves, and then the other way round, finished the get out of class, I immediately went up and got it right.
　　28. Nap, at the same table, brother Tai Juan, a bunch of useless keys, a lot, I touched it for a long time, someone else is sleeping, I want to steal his useless keys.
　　29. Elementary school, inexplicable low back pain, unable to walk, others went to the field to call my mother, acupuncture, I remember moving home slowly from the forest.
　　30. In summer, my grandfather showed me the Milky Way. The sky is full of stars. The Milky Way is a drum in the middle, with small ellipses on both sides, so beautiful and bright. The ellipse is three-dimensional.
　　31. One time my little aunt was sleeping at my house, and a table tennis I was playing was on the bed. The next morning, she said that she had a waist.
　　32. The grandfather once chatted at the door of Xiazi's house and said: "Good people don't live long, bad people live for thousands of years." An old lady said how bad people live for thousands of years? Grandpa said no, if you mention bad guys, he will live for a thousand years.
　　33. Sitting on my grandfather's lap, he gave me a piece of fruit candy, which I crushed and eaten, making it sweeter.
　　34. Dad, a newbie, actually caught the largest grass carp and sold it to Lao Jichun.
　　35. The first time I hooked a fish, in Tienjiashan, I caught a big white fish. I was afraid and called my brother to come.
　　Once I hooked fish in a pond in the village, and I caught a lot of grass carp, as if someone had put it in that pond.
　　36. The father of Xu Rui, a classmate from the same village, was a commune doctor. After his death, he left a microscope. One night, we took blood from our ears and looked at it in a microscope. Of course, we couldn't see anything, only a pattern of blood.
　　37. He was brave when he was young. On summer nights, he flashed a flashlight, grabbed a toad and scraped the pulp. People said that supply and marketing cooperatives were good at selling money.
　　38. China's political leadership should also liberate all mankind and all politicians. On the way from primary school, I told my classmates that the Soviet Union was strong in military, but its economy was not as good as that of the United States.
　　39. I can't avoid dog shit now, but I picked up dog shit as fertilizer when I was an hour. That is, before school in the morning, I took a dustpan and fire pliers to look for dog shit in the village.
　　40. In high school and elementary school, the teacher led the students to shout slogans: "make up your mind, not afraid of sacrifice, overcome all difficulties and strive for victory."
　　See the four basic principles written on the wall in the distance of the school.
　　41. After the smashing of the gang of four, we always write a composition at the beginning: "this year is the" first "year of the smashing of the gang of four. The situation in all walks of life across the country is very good..."
　　42. As there was mud in the rural house when I was young, I had never seen a mop. After reading the textbook, Lei Feng mopped the floor on the train. I couldn't understand it. I thought it was a moving board.
　　43. In primary school, several people came to my house and told me that they saw someone from the village who looked like me (our respective development?).
　　44. In the fifth grade of primary school, the teacher pasted a "good work list" next to the blackboard in the classroom, with everyone's name and many spaces behind it. Whoever did a good deed, he would go up and draw a grid, but the students drew indiscriminately. When they saw others draw, they would go up and draw a grid.
　　45. Grade one writes word by word. Normally, I write line by line. I write the first line, write words on the left, and then write the last line. Then write the right side into a box, and then fill it in. Wu female classmate, who collects homework, said, "there are many patterns".
　　46. The students said that there was an old man Yang, one soybean with three bowls of porridge, the first bowl of gargle, half of the second bowl and the other half of the third bowl.
　　47. On the eve of the Chinese new year, when I got home from school, my mother gave me a salted chicken leg. I sat on the small stool at the door and ate it. It was really delicious.
　　48. Listen to my mother. Because my family is a landlord, every festival or something, poor and lower middle peasant cadres take care of them early in the evening: "good sleep."
　　49. When Hua Guofeng was on the stage, Mao photos and Hua photos were hung side by side in the nave of his home.
　　50. In primary school, several teachers from other schools sat behind to listen to the class. We stood up and they stood up. A girl and I couldn't help laughing. Afterwards, we were slapped by teacher Wu.
　　
　　51. When I was sweeping the grave, the teachers and students lined up and bowed. I wanted to laugh, too. I held back.
　　
　　52. At school, Chen Lan brought water chestnut. Everyone asked her for it. I said I wanted three, she gave me three, and I asked for it after I ate. She said you said three, not me.
　　
　　53. Only the poorest children can eat oranges, because everyone has no fruit to eat, but the poorest poor households come to the village to comfort and bring some fruit.
　　
　　54. Having tonsillitis, the village doctor said "mouse stick". At school, teacher Wu asked what happened to his face? I said "mouse stick". The students laughed.
　　55. Grandpa was ill. One morning, my brother and I urinated in a bowl and gave him a drink, that is, the boy urinated. I found that the urine was yellow. I thought it was white.
　　
　　56. Grandpa ate a lot of egg shells from the village neighbors. That is, he collected the egg shells from the village neighbors and ground them. He couldn't afford to eat eggs.
　　
　　57. Farmers seldom eat eggs. They usually sell them to the town supply and marketing cooperatives and then buy salt, soy sauce and so on.
　　
　　58. When making steamed bread in summer, you can't afford sugar. Saccharin is a chemical that increases the sweetness.
　　59. At my grandmother's house, I saw a red book of Chairman Mao's quotations. The inscription "LinBiao" under the preface was smeared, as if it belonged to a veteran.
　　60. At that time, my cousin Xiaogu came to my house as a guest. My grandmother (her grandmother) finished cooking and poured oil. She licked the mouth of the oil bottle.
　　61. In the fourth grade, the desks were made of mud.
　　62. Paper hitting the students in the front seat is to fold the paper at the end of the pencil, hit the students in the front seat, and then pretend to write. Teacher Cao saw it outside the window.
　　63. My father, grandfather and great grandfather let our three brothers recite ancient poetry and prose, which is always my best. My father has a handwritten copy, which lets us recite ancient prose.
　　64. When we were in primary school, we were thirsty. During the break, we went to someone's water tank and drank raw water with a ladle, but not many times.
　　(iii) dazhong middle school
　　I find that there are always people who like to ask me for directions.
　　2. I was short-sighted because I was lying reading novels during the summer vacation of junior high school. But I did not have glasses.
　　3. Participated in the county composition contest. The title I wrote was "the big twelve, lighthouse". After eating steamed buns in the restaurant, I went to wash chopsticks.
　　4. I was hit in the head with volleyball by the school girl's volleyball team.
　　5, wrote a diary, said the classmate disorderly to take the lunch box matter, the end is: "this is the gang of four's poison not cleared." I was put up on the blackboard and praised.
　　6. Joined the communist youth league in the end.
　　Slightly unrequited love for girls.
　　8, to cheat on the English test was arrested, Mr. Sun zhaoping said a tearful ma su. That is, I wrote a piece of paper and put it in the pad book. The teacher handed out the paper and somehow turned over my pad book. When I turned to it, English was 0, and the total score ranked seventh in the class.
　　9. Grandma asked me to write to the eldest aunt in Hanzhong, Shaanxi. She said that I wrote, that I did n¨t understand human physics. I do n¨t think it would be physics in physics class.
　　10. Ge Xiaoya told my dad that the teacher said that all the students are like GeYimin with this grade. When my dad told me, the moonlight was very bright on the village road.
　　11. Teacher Chen Mingfang punished me to stand, and I cried at the door. He said you would not let me pass, he rode through my village.
　　12. Sweeping the floor, Mr. Sun asked me to use a broom tip to sweep, but I dropped the big broom and swept it with a stick.
　　13. Said to Zhang Qiaojun that the skin on the arm joints didn't hurt. He pressed me with a pencil. Because the position was a little bit off, I said I endured the pain and shouted without pain. He laughed.
　　14. I let my brother and my brother do the water release in the fields, never let me do it.
　　15. Once school was over, it was dark, and my parents were at home. I walked to the door and suddenly fell on my knees to my family.
　　16. One summer evening, when we were enjoying the coolness, I saw a star in the east, like the sun, round and big red. I thought it was the sun, but at night, it could only be the moon. Aunt Zhang Yingzi was there.
　　Aunt Zhang Yingzi took the bamboo green and slept in our house.
　　17. At noon, I went to the store before school. An old woman came to buy Jingguo. The salesperson asked how much to buy? She said one or two. The salesperson said to plug the teeth, but he still gave it to her.
　　18. One day after school, I don't know why it was late. It was getting dark. A girl c walked in front of me. We were the two of us on the road. I was exposed.
　　19. In junior high school, I gave myself pseudonyms: Yu Wenxiu (the show of cosmic Literature) and Mr. Zhong Tu, who had the desire to create literature. I don't know where many couplets come from at home. I have created many couplets.
　　20. We call "snow cream" incense. One day I went to the store and said to buy Incense, but the salesperson said to buy smelly:)
　　21. One summer after school, when I got home, my grandmother gave me an ice stick, which was put in a thermos bottle and specially left to me. It has melted a lot. On another occasion, my mother worked in the town with the production team. After school, Ge Shuangqing's mother bought him an ice stick and my mother wanted to buy it for me. I didn't want it and turned away.
　　22. Once after school, grandma pinched a rice ball for me. It was very delicious. Grandma also uses flour to make gluten.
　　23. When I studied at night, my family slept. I permed my hair with a light bulb. Of course, it didn't work.
　　24. I suffer from insomnia in the high school entrance examination, and torture myself to sleep.
　　25. One afternoon, on the way to school, I went to the town toilet for convenience. The wall was broken and I squatted beside the wall to see the alternative PG. It was a mother (aunt) and a woman. Later, a man came in and said, "Why squat there?"
　　26. When the villagers met for hours, they always asked, "Have you eaten?", Say hello. Huang Ming, a neighbor in particular, always said this, even if it was far away from the restaurant.
　　
　　(iv) jurong senior high school
　　1, dream of victory over the enemy Christ -- European countries, Europe that a country by the god of kris, or contact, or under attack, like the ground puzzle, one by one on the map, and finally all to kris.
　　2. Five steps to unify the world:
　　Peking University, abroad, Nobel Prize for literature, society, united world.
　　He was 16 years old.
　　3, passing a small Christ church, feel very holy.
　　4. I fell in love with xu qian in the second year of high school. It was love at first sight.
　　5. No. 1 in the whole county in the mid-term examination of grade one, the school sends parents a letter of congratulations.
　　6. In the second year of high school, I wrote a lot of literary works in various genres, such as the Great Wall fu, which were submitted to the Chinese daily, Mr. Li wenru.
　　7. My grades are still in the top of the list. My teachers and classmates say that I am a candidate of the department of Chinese language and literature of nanjing university.
　　8. Since my childhood, I have never contacted or talked to girls, and I regard girls as an exception.
　　9. Participated in the county history competition. The question is basically me rushing it out.
　　10. Cooperated with students to publish several issues of the literary bulletin "stream".
　　11. The school won the second place in the knowledge competition. There was a question about the origin of the 38th border between the DPRK and the rok.
　　There is an algebra problem, two classes (one science class, one paper class) only I do the right, I am in the liberal arts class.
　　13. Created fu duilian: "sunrise shandong everywhere all things are enze warm, grass MAO moon from the sky has also been the world sprinkling huian Ming zhao around", was posted class blackboard newspaper, English teacher zhang qinghe said this strong.
　　14. Once there was a foreign history test paper. After the test, Mr. Ji Yanggen took my test paper as the standard answer and checked the answer with the students in class. Occasionally, I was wrong and read it. Some students pointed out.
　　15. At the party, Tan Derong said goodbye in English will have three stages, which are getting simpler: (1), good bye; (2) bye (3) bb.
　　16. The county's first high school mid-term exam, the class teacher, Mei, asked me to come to the podium to introduce the learning methods to the students.
　　17. In the physics class of senior three (not in the college entrance examination), the teacher called me by name and said that it was not the wrong question. I wanted to see the materials of Nanjing University in the mouth of other teachers.
　　18. My eyesight was measured before the college entrance examination. I was short-sighted. Ma Wenxiang and I agreed, for example, to the left, he said Diao Daosheng, to the right, he said Li Erqiao... I can't see clearly. Listen to him. I'm pointing my hand.
　　19. My literary works and diaries are placed under my desk. One day, I saw that on the blackboard behind the classroom, my classmates wrote my "Mao and Zhou" couplet. I didn't show it to my classmates to prove that my classmates saw my creative book. There is also a diary. I like Xu Qian. She subscribes to newspapers on behalf of her companions twice. Whether my classmates have read my diary and know that I like Xu Qian.
　　20. In the summer of 1986, before I went to college, I went shopping in Jurong City. In several stores, I was alone, a beautiful salesman, about 30 years old. They were all black skirts. Sitting at the counter, I pretended to see the goods and went nearby to see the big white legs. It was very attractive.
　　21. Insomnia in college entrance examination, two out of three nights did not sleep well, torture yourself to sleep.
　　22. Once at noon, at the stairway of the teaching building, I thought that I might miss this period of high school in the future, and I thought it would be wonderful. But now I want to go quickly, because I am tired of studying.
　　
　　Nanjing university
　　1. The department of Chinese language and literature of nanjing university. During the visit, I went to the jinling theological seminary in nanjing, where I was fascinated by the names of my brothers and sisters. When I graduated, the message board said I believe in Christianity. Class graduation party, one person said, I suddenly said: "god bless us!" .
　　2. I read a lot of novels and wrote papers on contemporary drama, wang shuo film and dream of red mansions.
　　3. Started to communicate with many girls, such as dong jingping, jiang xuezhang, guan yu, cao lei, wu shujing, xu haiying, zhu ting, zhou jing and so on. It is my second true love. Unfortunately, it is still secret love. I once expressed my love to her.
　　4. In the later stage of university, I mixed with a large number of hooligans in the society. In fact, they were quite good. Learn some river lake language, walk a river lake life.
　　I have done a lot of business, but not for this reason.
　　6. Made a lot of friends with foreign schools, such as brother lu jun.
　　7. Helped in the block of friends, served noodles and Fried dishes to guests.
　　8. Learn to go, bridge and dance. A lot of girls from foreign schools come to play in my dormitory.
　　9. Get to know many overseas students from the United States and Canada, mainly female students.
　　10. I once rode a bicycle back to Jurong's hometown from Nanjing. I didn't know where to be brave. In order to save effort, I held a tractor in one hand and suddenly crossed a big slope. Even the car and people turned over to the other side of the road. When I woke up, a truck stopped in front of me. I got up and rode again. Nothing happened, but the direction was reversed. When I rode, I found that the scene was familiar, asked passers-by and said that the direction was reversed. I reversed and rode back, Now I think it's definitely God's care.
　　11. Once in a film class, the teacher brought the camera. I was wearing a red shirt.
　　12. Student democracy movement in 1989. After the memorial service of hu yaobang at school, I immediately held a wreath, and the leader took to the street for a parade.
　　13, posted a poster, saying there were too few girls in the parade.
　　In the square of the drum tower, I stood on a platform and gave a speech. I just said, "my fellow citizens, it is unfair for us to suffer and suffer.
　　15. Introduce the big-character newspaper to gao baoling (an American female student, a United Nations staff member). She takes photos. In the drum tower parade, because of the high relationship, I stand with her in the faw car, have the feeling of reviewing the parade. Some of my classmates in the team cheered me. Also because of the high relationship, I have a feeling of being a traitor.
　　16, May 19 noon, arrived by train in tian 'anmen square, live in the square three nights. To go to the monument requires command, get a hand, to block military vehicles. Go to a large hospital first, block the military police in the hospital. After the intersection, a long line blocked military vehicles, a shandong soldier said to me: 'will not shoot the people, the big deal is to go home farming. "
　　17, in the square to maintain order, ensure that ambulances in and out of the hunger strikes fainting students, a foreign girls always work with me.
　　18, in the square line to buy pancakes, a Beijing girl in front of me, she looked at my student id, said to the vendor to put two eggs, Fried good to me. Wherever the Gospel of god will be preached, remember this Beijing girl.
　　19, the square above, government helicopters dropped leaflets, students received, did not look, directly tear up.
　　20. On the afternoon of May 22, when the situation was slowing down, I left Beijing and returned to ning, a female graduate student in hangzhou.
　　21, 64 soon after, the school is a holiday, I stay in school, one night, I a person sleep very xiang, suddenly the dormitory opened, come in a few people, I recognize teacher lu xiaoping, called teacher lu, they let me continue to sleep, walked. Wang Dan, for example, said he had gone to nanjing.
　　22. Participated in the intelligence contest of the department of Chinese language and literature.
　　23. On the evening, I walked with Gao Baoling on the Qingdao road next to the school and talked about the anti-American aid. I said that China had won. She said: "If I have a gun now, I will kill you."
　　24. Gao Baoling invited me to Jinling Hotel for dinner. She said that I could take someone with me. She thought I would take a male classmate, such as Lu Jun. I took Dong Jingping. She ordered three beef burgers, one layer of Pubing, and the thick ground beef (pressed) in the middle, which was very delicious. Then she ordered a fruit platter by herself, and I used chopsticks to eat the fruit in the fruit plate in front of her and shared it with her, Dong Jingping watched.
　　When the checkout, the waiter came to her, she took out her wallet to the waiter, the waiter went to the front desk and gave her the wallet afterwards, she put it on her body without looking at it.
　　Later Dong Jingping told me that she asked if Dong Jingping was my girlfriend.
　　25. Gao Baoling and I went to the bicycle second-hand market to sell her bicycle. When we went, we each rode one, sold one, and we rode one together. At the beginning, I took her. She was tall and plump. Strong, I can't take her, let her take me, a man whistles at us.
　　26. Once I went to Jurong from a passenger car in Nanjing and found Xu Qian. She was already working in a shopping mall. I asked her to borrow her bicycle to ride back to her hometown without taking into account her commuting.
　　27. The freshman winter vacation and high school classmates reunion, Lao Fu said exchange, Lao Ji asked me to say, I said that my thoughts are parading, I am studying novels, and I just passed sports. They laughed. Regardless of my birthday, I told about my vassal Teresa Teng and Xu Zhimo. Liu Hui laughed, and then called Zhang Aiqin to leave her address. She changed her name to Zhang Qi. Liu Hui said that I have changed, and I said that as long as it changes, it's good. Even though I prepared a cake for my birthday and brought it, I was very panicked. After they danced and played cards, Hong Xin told me to leave. I asked the manager to divide the cake into 16 portions. Everyone ate them together. Then they greeted them one by one, and went to high school with Hong, Du Xiaoyan, and Jiang Liping. . Looking back on the bed, I am so happy, Xu Qian, so beautiful, so beautiful.
　　28. During the 1989 pro-democracy movement, there was a class. I raised my hand and told the teacher to read the poster. He said you go, and I openly skipped class to read the poster.
　　29. Once Gao Baoling and I went to the school radio station (which was already occupied by the students of the democracy movement), and paid 10 yuan to the students inside. I blocked it and the students didn't want it. Gao gave me a lot of fabrics, I made 2 banners for the students, and took the rest home during the holiday to make clothes for my mother.
　　30. Once in Fei Jialing's dormitory for foreign students, she was lying on the bed, and I lay down, putting my head on her stomach, and she said: "Don't be too comfortable."
　　31. Because I have a relationship with the second cafeteria, I often invite international students to eat. Once Fei Jialing and the others must invite me to dinner on Qingdao Road, they AA system and said that I don't want to pay. One night during the parade, they bought soda in the Gulou. They also wanted the AA system, and I paid for it alone.
　　32. There was a parade. I posted a paper leaflet behind the body of a beautiful foreign student. She didn't blame it. She carried the leaflet and continued the parade. The classmates laughed.
　　33. Wen Deshu, the senior of the Nanjing Foreign School in the same village. I have only met him once in Nantah after four years of university. It happened that during the 89th student movement, he was approaching the roadside of my dormitory. He seemed to be waiting for me. Beijing. After 64 I stayed at school, my uncle came to see me and was very angry when he saw me, and immediately took me home. It turned out that Deshu went back to his hometown and told my dad that I was going to Beijing. The whole family was worried. Grandma said that my dad had no energy at work. My dad said that there were no people. What else could I do?
　　34 and 1989, I went home once. When I returned to school, my classmates said that many people posted posters and left the group. Fei Jialing said to me, would you self-immolate? It was the first time I heard this term (sound) and didn't understand the meaning.
　　35. During the period, I went to the toilet downstairs in Tiananmen City. It was really clean. I have never seen such a clean toilet, and the water is constantly flushing.
　　36. Before returning to Ning, I walked with David Yang on Wangfujing Street. I was barefoot, carrying cloth shoes, and laughing.
　　37 and 64, students from Beijing put 64 live recordings at our school¨s broadcasting station and heard a burst of gunfire, and then the people called out the beasts, and so on.
　　38. Once I was walking on campus with a female international student. I threw a piece of waste paper, and she asked me to pick it up anyway.
　　39. A female international student told me not to call black students black, but Africans.
　　40. During the March, a female international student talked to me about rape in the United States. She said the English word first, but I didn't understand it. She said the English word to another female international student, who said Chinese rape, and then she said Chinese rape to me.
　　41. During the parade, I went to drum tower square with a big ass female student. On her way back to school, she told me that Chinese people touched her ass.
　　42. Once she borrowed 10 yuan from a female international student, but she refused, saying that she would be uncomfortable.
　　43. After 64, some students said that you can have any thought as long as you don't say it. It can be seen that the poison of autocracy is self-evaluation by readers.
　　44. Once on the campus road, I told the teacher that the surplus value was given to the workers, and the capitalists invested and managed without getting a penny. Is it reasonable? The teacher is right, but we can't exploit too hard.
　　45. For some time, I spent all day with female foreign students. My classmate (Shan Xiaopeng) called me a national hero. I gave a beautiful overseas student a ring. She asked the Lu Jun secretly, what do I mean?
　　46. Once, when she was watching a movie with American student Fei Jialing at the drum tower dawn cinema, she suddenly laughed, but I didn't think it was funny at all, so she told me that often, when Chinese people think it's funny, foreigners don't think it's funny, but when foreigners think it's funny, Chinese don't laugh.
　　47. Once on the north garden lawn, I asked what homosexuality was about? Did you know that you have two holes in your body.
　　48. As a senior, I helped in the stall of gaoniu B, a Jianghu friend. This stall is in the name of Xu Ming. There are Gao, Xu Ming, a partner and me. Gao Niu B told his partner that Xu Ming didn't know that we worked for him. Now I wonder if this stall was built for me and if gaoniu B said they worked for me.
　　
　　49. I took Jiang Xuezhang to the movies. I was penniless, but there were Jianghu friends on the street. She and I first went to a friend who sold fruit at the back door of the school and took the money for the movie ticket. We watched six episodes of a dream of Red Mansions. I slept while watching. When we got back to school, I walked with her. I said we could ask the students in front for a cigarette and smoke when we wanted it. Just then, a Mazda friend came and sent us to the drum tower stall. She and I ate dumplings and asked Gao Niu B for money to pay.
　　She said she wanted to experience it outside school all night. I didn't agree and took her back to school.
　　50. Carina Fei must not study on Friday night, only entertainment. They had a weekend at that time. We don't have the concept of not studying this weekend night.
　　51. Once when I was walking in the street with someone, a fortune teller shouted to me, "Zhu De's eyebrows". My eyebrows were very thick, but I didn't care about him and didn't stop.
　　52. During the student movement, I took a truck with my strange classmates and drove out from Tiananmen Square. A classmate read the manuscript, and soon everyone found that this was no good, because as soon as the truck drove by, you read the long manuscript, and passers-by could not hear anything. The students changed to shout slogans: "Li Peng steps down, the people rise!"
　　53. One morning, I got on a milk truck and drove out from the square. There were mainly workers on it. Some people drank milk. It seemed that I also drank a bottle. My foot was pressed by a worker, and I didn't mean to say anything (I didn't dare say anything) until I got off the bus.
　　54. In summer, walking on Nanyuan Road, a girl walked towards each other. When I met, I hit my chest, and she shouted. I quickly said I was sorry, but neither of us stopped and walked away.
　　55. When I went to Nanjing Yangtze River Bridge with my classmates from other schools, someone sat on the bridge with the Yangtze River under their feet, and there were girls. I can't imagine being afraid of heights. When I returned to school, on the bus, a girl leaned her arm against me. She was very happy, as if she were from Anhui University.
　　56. After the school sports, when I was selling movie tickets at school, I once shouted "Hu Yaobang praised this movie". Liu Yuan said that he was clever. A student condemned me. I said that I remembered Hu Yaobang with it. What did you do?
　　57. During a parade, I put a red flower in my white sweater chest. The students objected and said that I sold tickets. I dare to pick it.
　　When I returned to school (east gate) after a parade, I shouted, "Give back my girlfriend." The students laughed.
　　58. Swimming in the Nanda swimming pool, when I saw a woman swimming in the opposite direction, I went backstroke to meet her so as to hit my head.
　　There was a woman who could not swim. I taught her to hold her chin with my hands, and I held her chest with my hands. She stopped learning.
　　59. In the square, the government built a long row of temporary toilets beside the square, which is quite spectacular.
　　(vi) jiangsu agricultural resources
　　1. Assigned to work in jiangsu provincial agricultural capital company, settled in zhenjiang..
　　There will be a craftsman, a cause (the first cause), the first push of Newton's arm, an immaterial "life force" being, and the recognition of god's existence.
　　Read two bible stories, then, on New Year's day 2000, read the bible, immediately attracted to the word of god, and believed in the Lord Jesus.
　　2. Not long after work, December 14, 1990, for the world, for the society, for the god of kris, the god of kris entered the great trial, semi-prison and crucifixion.
　　In order to save the world, on December 21, god geyi people by death, god bless the resurrection of death, overcoming the death of the hook, for the world to bring hope.
　　3. Hosted the company party for 4 hours and performed magic.
　　4. Had a long-term relationship with wang rong.
　　5. It is better to work with leng xiajiang.
　　She is the most beautiful Chinese girl I know. The last time she called me, I was not in and my colleague answered.
　　7. Married hu chunfang, a girl from zhenjiang, in 1993.
　　8, in 1994, he gave birth to ge biao.
　　9. During this period, I was keen on ballroom dancing and had good partners in different periods. It was a happy time. Hair salon sister guo hongmei looks like a Hong Kong star.
　　10.Let dong yan call me Christ, I then buy chocolate or newspaper to her, she called me many times. Promised to be the Christ, to guo hongmei to buy a mobile phone, she has repeatedly called: "to me to buy things." I have not yet rejected as Christ.
　　11.Sometimes I think, if I marry su fan, I must be very happy, she is beautiful; Second is a distant relative, to me certainly good, good to get along with; Third, I love listening to her voice, anhui huainan accent. Because my social trial, became impossible.
　　12. When the son was born, the female nurse hugged him to another room, cried, and then hugged him back. I asked how many beds she said, and she said 737, and I knew it was my son.
　　Two days later, the nurse took the child to the corridor and asked the family to hold it. I saw 737, my son, who was so scared that he didn't dare to hold it, and asked my mother to hold it.
　　13. Singing with Chen Bin in high school, when pop songs were just rising. Many years later, a high school classmate chatted with me on QQ and mentioned that I loved singing at that time, but she didn't tell me who she was. The chat was very pleasant. But after work, in Shiqiao warehouse, we sang love song 1990. Zhang Min and Ding Debin immediately said that my singing was not good, which was tantamount to stopping me. I sang at home. My brother-in-law Minghu immediately said that my singing was ugly, so that I didn't dare to sing.
　　
　　(7) society
　　1, 2001, spread the news online (do the website, BBS).
　　I have done some jobs, but not for a long time.
　　3. In 2002, she became the first BBS community (yemei community). She helped me selflessly and succeeded. She was the first person I ever said "it's good to have you," truly.
　　4, the manager of Hong Kong girl happy store was very speculative, after a long period of absence from the community, and her section, henceforth ignore me, alas.
　　5. The community has set up a prayer forum. I really pray for netizens. For example, before going to bed, I pray to God for netizens and ask the Lord to bless them:)
　　(8) xinhua news agency
　　1. 2003, xinhua news agency jiangsu branch news and information zhenjiang branch work.
　　2. A group of Korean girls came to the community crazy, such as CARTH, WOOYOO, MONEY, Chen Lin, etc., which was very lively at that time.   And I was their recognized elder brother.
　　3, fell in love with sichuan girl li Juan, after she said she could not be together, this is my third true love, pity Plato.
　　4, ningbo girl star, and li Juan as the administrator, crazy in the community posted, I have a little negative her.
　　Decent girls ke LAN, sa xue, women lizi, li min, British woman Margaret, also accompany me for quite a long time.
　　6. Baidu yamei bar was very popular for a time, and was closed as a religious bar.
　　(9) cultural media
　　1. As a community administrator, my sister huang jingbo, a shenzhen girl, has been spending quite pleasant time with me. She has a little personality worship for me.
　　2, yunnan girl dream butterfly dance online with me also longer, married.
　　3, xuzhou high school party girl han wufeng online accompanied me for a period of time, said I could not bear to be alone.
　　4, Beijing xiao li is a long time together with the Internet, she has worked as a community manager ge yimin. She was against my beliefs, but still best friend. But she is afraid that others misunderstand her ge hua, out of baidu ge yi people post bar, gradually walk away. After she told me to back off, it's not about not paying attention. She has photoshopped many funny pictures about me, written insightful and funny long comments about me, she is my grace, and I often miss being happy with her.
　　5. The Ming jing zhishui sisters have been good friends for many years. Maybe it is because they always keep a distance that the friendship can last.
　　How many Internet girls have left me, because my time has not arrived.
　　7. The website was redone many times due to the domain name and space, but the good news spread after all.
　　8. Now the website is finally on the track, including the religious website (www.gegod.com www.gegod.com www.從浣淵繁.com),, and multiple network Spaces.
　　9. The ＾wordofgod￣ has been clicked for hundreds of millions of times.
　　10. The ＾wordofgod￣s are translated into foreign languages and translated back into Chinese, which is different from the original vocabulary.
　　11. In 2010, the apostle gloriously converted to the god of kris, which was a great conversion. Glorious spread the Gospel of kris god on baidu post bar, wrote and published a lot of posts, and argued with people that spreading kris is the truth of god.
　　12, 2015 @ IQ 888day converted Ge Yimin God, was canonized as high prophet, high prophet Baidu Post Bar spreading the Ge Yimin God, gospel, wrote and published a large number of posts, and the man myself, praise Ge Yimin God, Chuan Ge Yimin God The truth.
　　13. In 2015, the supervisor's god miao converted to god ge yimin, which was a great conversion. The god miao widely spread the Gospel of god ge yimin on baidu post bar, created and published a lot of predictions and posts, and spread the truth of god ge yimin.
　　14. In 2018, the apostle hu jianjun converted to the god of kris, which is a great conversion, and its significance is no less than that of the apostle Paul who converted to Jesus. Just as Paul spread the Gospel of Jesus, the apostle hu jianjun spread the Gospel of kris god in baidu post bar, preaching kris is the truth of god.
　　15、Ge yimin obtained sina weibo, teng xun microblog writer certification, baidu post bar big V thinker certification.

Chapter 15 ＾wordofgod￣ news
　　(1) ＾wordofgod￣ news
　　It is unclear who is lying about real Madrid's move to real Madrid
　　http://sports.163.com/06/0814/11/2OG0AQE500051CD5.html
　　Ancelotti's disclaimer was made during a press conference following milan's 1-0 win over atletico Madrid in the summer league. "gazzetta dello sport is like any other Italian or Spanish newspaper.
　　The ＾wordofgod￣, the earliest version of the ＾wordofgod￣. Anshuai cited ＾wordofgod￣s, meaning that everyone in the audience knew. Otherwise, no one will understand.
　　2. "the earth will be finished in 2019" is a surprise on baidu post bar
　　http://www.pcpop.com/doc/0/150/150301.shtml
　　And in baidu "god bar", more comments that "the earth will be ended in 2019" just happened to verify the "yemei book of doomsday predictions.
　　News screenshot
　　http://www.gegod.com/gzly/163xw.jpg
　　http://www.gegod.com/gzly/yzy.jpg
　　(2) news about "mass production through socialization and the Internet revolution"
　　Social production and the Internet revolution - daily express - tencent network
　　http://kuaibao.qq.com/s/20160226A03BKK00
　　Social production and the Internet revolution, sina Inner Mongolia industry, sina
　　3. Social mass production and the Internet revolution - usun China - China network

Chapter 16 the testimony of the god of kris
　　Exodus 4:16: he (Aaron) shall make thee (Moses) his god.
　　I (god) have said, thou art gods, all the sons of the most high.
　　1. Vision.
　　　　In the autumn of 2001, god said in a dream to kris, "I am god. Listen to him." (Goethe was anointed as god)
　　"Listen to him." the five words only appear when god speaks to Moses, Jesus, and the god of kris.
　　Ideas.
　　At present, the ＾wordofgod￣ is 800,000 words, most of which are original thoughts of god ge yimin. For example, in late 2019, the original sin is dust body, sexual freedom kingdom and so on. Good words and good sentences are even more numerous.
　　Five steps to reunify the world:
　　Peking University, abroad, Nobel Prize for literature, society, united world.
　　He was 16 years old.
　　Now five steps to unify the world: nanjing university, Shinto network, ＾wordofgod￣, Shinto, unify the world.
　　3. Trial.
　　Ge yimin god December 1990 by the great social trial up to now, every 28 years.
　　1990- the video series of 28 years of trials in 2018 will make people understand what it means to love and seek truth.
　　The testimony.
　　Ge yi people god -- god -- ＾wordofgod￣ -- kingdom times
　　In the time of the kingdom, Christ, god of kris.
　　"The anointed", "chosen by god" ----- god of the people of ge is anointed as god.
　　News.
　　Two ＾wordofgod￣ news, several "social production and the Internet revolution" news.
　　6. Crape myrtle.
　　His theory and thought form book (book into crape myrtle), published his book will be translated into many text (four yi retranslation said, after a storm comes a calm in the spring of the nine countries), he will become the world's spiritual leader, he will establish a new ideology for mankind, guide mankind to complete the historic leap, lead human to datong.
　　(the ＾wordofgod￣ has already been translated into foreign language, and has been translated back into Chinese and the original vocabulary of a large number of differences.)
　　

Chapter 17 GeYiMinism
　　(I) contents of the democratic concept of ge yi:
　　1. Morality: freedom, equality, fraternity and unity (mutual aid).
　　2. Politics: constitutional government, representative system, universal suffrage, democracy, freedom of speech, freedom of the press and freedom of association.
　　3. Economy: the planned economy of the god of ge, mass production, Internet technology revolution, economic globalization, average wealth (voluntary).
　　As science and technology continue to revolutionize and human beings become increasingly happy, the development of science and technology constantly generates demands, and the demand drives the development of science and technology
　　Go away.
　　4. Culture: diversity, diversity of civilization, respect and protect the culture and belief of each nation.
　　Religion: protect and respect present and emerging religions, pursue god and truth and mystery of the future, pursue spirituality.
　　Sexual freedom kingdom.
　　All men are brothers.
　　(2) ge yi's law of democratic righteousness: not against anyone.
　　As long as there are people starving in this world, all the people alive are selfish. Since it is impossible to love others as yourself, it is necessary to lower your requirements
　　However, that is: not against anyone. Everyone has no need to guard against anyone, how high the life experience will be.
　　My burden is light, and you can do it.
　　(iii) the minimum principle of the democratic concept of ge yi: everyone should eat better and eliminate the gai gang; Free medical care, at all costs, to develop medical career, to the utmost
　　Try hard to solve the patient's pain. I feel the pain, I bear your pain.
　　(iv) the supreme principle of the right to democracy: free housing for everyone, free cars for every family, good free education for everyone, human rights for society
　　Again, the right to life is fully guaranteed.
　　(v) the conditions for the realization of the democratic concept of ge yi are as follows: socialized mass production, Internet scientific and technological revolution, spread of ＾wordofgod￣ for 14 years, the great social trial of god ge yi for 28 years, false neuropathy, tasting all the spiritual and material sufferings of human beings. In this way, god ge yi has found a prescription for saving the world and mankind has created a savior.
　　The only way to realize the concept of ge yi's democracy is: for the future of the world's people, ge yi people god, writing, acting, singing, to spread the peace of the ＾wordofgod￣, the world's people generally accept the ＾wordofgod￣, change their thoughts, and strive for ge yi's democracy. Then, we can be sure that by early October 2019, the world will have achieved the very bottom of the creed.
　　With the efforts of people around the world, by early October 2033, the world will be able to realize the highest program of kua democracy.
　　Six), so-called impossible: small lily say who sit section office? Who does coolie? Very easy to solve: take turns, do this today, do that tomorrow, everyone can get
　　I am willing to do different work with my own interest, and serve for all mankind voluntarily. Human morality is generally improved, and all of us are willing to serve for ge yi democracy
　　Services.
　　(7) basic principles of ge yi democracy
　　Eliminate private ownership of the means of production and establish a society free of class system, exploitation and oppression, and where collective production takes place. Kanyi democratic justice imagines that all class societies in the future will eventually transition to a harmonious society of kanyi democratic justice. The realization of the democratic concept of ge yi needs
　　Want highly developed productivity, and can make the person has highly developed collectivism thought.
　　2. Kuiyi democracy refers to the idea that the society is dominated by the highly developed collectivism thought through the development of productive forces, that the production development is promoted without the private ownership of the means of production, that there is no class contradiction or race struggle, and that the whole mankind is liberated from the circular class contradiction.
　　And a society without class system, private ownership of the means of production, exploitation and oppression, and collective production.
　　3. Human society is based on material production. The economic status of different people is determined by the division of labor determined by the existing productivity
　　A reflection of people's social status.
　　4. The way to limit personal development is not the democratic doctrine of ge yi, which should be highly free for everyone.
　　It can only be realized when the material base of the society is mature.
　　5. When the construction of kazi democracy is completed, the government, commodity production and monetary economy will disappear completely. At last, human society entered the stage of the concept of ge yi democracy. At this time, social public institutions are very developed, and the differences between urban and rural areas, the differences between people's treatment and social division of labor will be completely eliminated
　　Loss, everyone can get scientific perfect education and medical treatment, everyone strives for the common ideal goal in different suitable post, the scientific work rests. People voluntarily work six hours a day, work four days a week, work, live and play scientifically and rationally.
　　Fit for the need of a long life. No one is regulated, all in the conscious service to the people, for the ge yi democratic justice service! Science and technology are so advanced that people will be able to meet high-quality living needs with a low workload. All property will be owned by all the people
　　Both work output and life demands have been recorded, which is the basis for a fair trial of the kashiwazi democratic concept at the end of his work. Those who get a good evaluation can be more easily supported by others in social activities, as well as their individual doomsday
　　The basis of its life value trial.
　　Everyone is tolerant, tolerant of external suffering and forgiving of offenses. Equal access to social and economic rights, people to prolong their natural life and self-improvement, labor and creation will become the first needs of people. People are not limited by division of labor
　　To reach the stage of "each doing his best, each taking what he needs". In the socialist society of ge yi, everyone can get great satisfaction! Everyone is self-conscious, self-alert, self - control, self - control, self - esteem, self - love! Everyone is working and learning, helping each other, improving their own quality and making up for themselves
　　Physical defects and errors, correct their own mistakes, the pursuit of the best! Everyone is spontaneously fighting for a common ideal! No one has a special range of activities, but can work in any department according to the characteristics of their own development. Social public institutions regulate the whole production.
　　People with strong abilities enter into public institutions to participate in the distribution of social work but mainly with individual will, thus making it possible for me to do this and that with my own interests one day, the next, hunting in the morning, fishing in the afternoon, animal husbandry in the evening and criticism after supper, so as not to make me
　　Always a hunter, fisherman, shepherd, or critic.
　　7. Therefore, in such a highly abundant society with a high material foundation and strong social production capacity, the people strive to have a good overall evaluation in their doomsday judgment in the pursuit of ge yi democracy. How to develop oneself, develop spiritual civilization to realize the value of life will become the pursuit of people.
　　People will compete for labor and take on a wider range of jobs, and no one wants to be a walking dead in this society.
　　To satisfy the requirements of the proletariat is to satisfy the requirements of the whole society. To liberate the proletariat is to liberate all mankind. So in other words, the doctrine of the liberation of all human beings.
　　This is achieved by eliminating private ownership of means of production and replacing it with public ownership.
　　9. Historical conditions of a democratic society in ge yi
　　Science fantasy of 21st century human society
　　(1) highly developed social productive forces, highly developed science and technology, unprecedented improvement of labor productivity, greatly shortened labor time and abundant social products.
　　(2) all private Labour and small-scale production have been replaced by mass socialization, with the co-occupation of the means of production by all members of society, and the disappearance of commodities and currencies.
　　(3) eliminate differences between workers and peasants, between urban and rural areas, and between mental and physical Labour.
　　(4) as a result of changes in modes of production and the demise of the old social division of Labour, every member of society would enjoy free and comprehensive development.
　　(5) the whole society conducts mass customization in a planned way according to the needs of different people.
　　(6) implement the principle of distribution according to one's ability and one's need. (by this I mean "taking the needs of man as the sole basis for the distribution of the products of Labour" rather than being able to satisfy any desire of all at will.)
　　(7) class differences disappear, "slavery to man" is replaced by "management of things", and the state machine will die out on its own.
　　(8) with the demise of all economic oppression and slavery, all the unequal moral values of class society perished.
　　(9) with the disappearance of individual families, sexual relations will become purely private and society will have no interference, and the upbringing of minors and education will become the public utilities of society. (the family is essentially an individual economic unit, which is both a living and a productive unit in an agricultural society.
　　With the development of capitalist industry, its functions have been gradually replaced by various social institutions and public services. As a result, the size of modern families has become smaller and more and more unstable, and finally it has completely disappeared in the socialist society.
　　The morality of the proletariat is the reflection of the interests and demands of the proletariat and the working people and the noblest morality in the history of mankind. Against all the exploiting classes. His essential feature is the revolutionary spirit of collectivism serving the people wholeheartedly. He demanded strength
　　The revolutionary will of the proletariat subordinates the interests of the individual to the interests of the cause of the democratic cause of ge yi, builds his own happiness on the basis of making others happy together, dedicates himself to the liberation struggle of all mankind, saves himself in the struggle, and abolishes all the system of exploitation and private ownership. he
　　In the course of realizing the cause of ge yi democracy and justice, people are required to have the noble quality of being selfless, willing to sacrifice oneself for the sake of labor and working people, and to have the spirit of thorough revolution and strict scientific attitude. To cultivate and improve the democratic, democratic and moral character of the whole people is to develop the god of kris
　　An important condition for the cause of justice and transition to a democratic and just society.
　　11. Labor, guided by the concept of democratic righteousness of ge yi, works for the society consciously. Characterized by no payment, no conditions, etc. In the socialist society of ge yi, the working people become the masters of the society, the working people's political and ideological consciousness is constantly improved, their enthusiasm and creativity are brought into play in the collective work, and the attitude of ge yi democratic and democratic labor begins to appear in some advanced people. With the great enrichment of social products and the great improvement of the ideological consciousness and moral quality of all the people, when we reach the advanced stage of the concept, labor will become the first need of life, and this kind of labor attitude will be universal.
　　12. Philosophy of democracy
　　A democratic outlook on life is that of the proletariat. It is the fundamental view of the proletariat on the purpose and meaning of life and an important part of the proletarian world view. The outlook of the proletariat is fundamentally different from that of all the exploiting classes in history. It is determined by the economic status and social conditions of the proletariat, formed and developed on the basis of the social conditions caused by the great modern industry, under the guidance of the theory of the theory of democracy and its world view, and in the long-term practice of revolution and construction. It's a scientific answer to why people actually live
　　What is the meaning of life, how people should spend their lives, what kind of people should be a problem. The philosophy of democracy is the most progressive, the most scientific, the highest and the greatest in human history. Its basic feature is :(1) to liberate all mankind
　　To achieve the goal and the highest ideal of the democratic cause of ge, and to strive for the realization of this lofty goal. (2) with collectivism as the core and with wholehearted service to the people as the purpose of life, its nature is selfless. (3) take revolutionary optimism as the attitude of life. In order to
　　Optimism and heroism approach problems along the way. A democratic outlook on life is a great spiritual force. Once it is formed, it must transform the reality according to its own appearance, benefit mankind, and make its due contribution to the realization of the righteous goal of ge yi democracy.
　　The concept of the democratic outlook on life is to observe, analyze and deal with the problems of life by means of the democratic outlook on life.
　　The primary stage of kua democracy.
　　
　　As an ideology and philosophy, it takes freedom as its main political value. It is characterized by the pursuit of development, the belief in human goodness, and the advocacy of individual autonomy. In addition, it advocates the relaxation and exemption of the control of individuals by autocratic regimes. More broadly, it seeks a society that protects the freedom of individual thought, restricts the use of government power by law, safeguards the notion of free trade, supports a market economy for private enterprise, and a transparent political system that protects the rights of every citizen. In modern society, the govemite supported a liberal democracy with a republican structure, with an open and fair electoral system that gave all citizens equal rights to participate in politics.
　　The fundamental human rights of the right to life, liberty and property are advocated in the case of ge yi democracy.
　　15. Politics and democracy advocate the individual as the foundation of society and law, and the existence of society and system is to promote the individual's goal, instead of favoring those with higher social status.
　　Cultural Georgian democracy values individual rights in morality and way of life, including issues such as sexual freedom, freedom of belief, and freedom of cognition, and protects individuals from government intrusion into their private lives. Only for the purpose of self-protection can an individual or a group intervene in the free behavior of other human beings. It is only with the aim of preventing one person from hurting others that the free intention of other members of civilized society can be properly prevented. And that person's own interests, both materially and spiritually, are not sufficient grounds for this principle. Culture and democracy generally oppose government restrictions on literature, art, academia, gambling, sex, prostitution, legal marital age, abortion, birth control, alcohol, marijuana and other drugs. Most goveminians oppose government interference in these areas.
　　Economic glasnost is an ideology that supports individual property and the right to freedom of contract. The slogan of this kind of ge yi democracy is "free enterprise". Support for a laissez-faire version of democracy means removing legal barriers, such as barriers to trade and government imposition
　　Monopoly and subsidy privileges. Economic democracy wants the government to regulate the economy as little as possible, or not at all, arguing that the value of goods and services should be left to the free choice of individuals. Governments can play a monopoly role in areas such as policing and court services. Economic ge democracy accepts that economic inequality resulting from the transaction of unequal bargaining position is the result of natural competition, provided there is no use of coercion involved. Small government and anarchy are forms of economic democracy.
　　The debate between economic freedom and social equality is as old as the debate about freedom itself.
　　18. Influence on the modern world
　　The influence of kua democracy on the modern world is profound. Personal freedom, personal dignity, freedom of speech, religious tolerance, personal property, universal human rights, government transparency, restrictions on government power, people's sovereignty, national self-determination, privacy, enlightened and rational policies, regulations,
　　Basic equality, free market economy and free trade are the basic concepts of the concept of kua democracy. Liberal democracy is a typical multiparty political form. Some countries today accept these concepts of the right to democracy as the goal of their policies, even though they often differ greatly in presentation and reality. These concepts are not only the goals of the concept of caeyi democracy, but also the goals of social democracy, conservatism, and Christian democracy.

Chapter 18 social production and the Internet revolution
　　1. Socialized large-scale production refers to the organized and large-scale production opposite to small-scale production. It is manifested in the concentration of the means of production and the Labour force in the enterprise for organized large-scale production; With the continuous development of specialized division of labor, the cooperation between the production of various products is closer. Through the market of the product and the market automatic regulation, make each link of the production process form an indivisible whole.
　　2. The capitalist economy greatly accelerates the socialization. Different subjects compete to expand and begin globalization. The class contradiction gradually unfolds, the producer demands to obtain their own production income, the small property person because of mutual competition and swallow up each other, only has the highly organized producer, namely the proletariat has the real strength, all proletariat union, competes for the ownership by the collective, inevitably requests the public ownership. The inherent contradictions of capitalism make the scope of public ownership gradually expand with the crisis of private ownership. However, this public ownership is not the public ownership of producers yet. The means of the bourgeoisie to safeguard its own interests will eventually oppose itself. Facing the exploitation of the bourgeois, the producer will start a revolution to solve the fundamental contradiction between the most critical private ownership and socialization and achieve a high degree of socialization.
　　3. With the development of capitalist production, the scale of capitalist enterprises is getting larger, the connections between enterprises are getting closer, and the degree of modernization is getting higher and higher. The production of large quantities of goods requires the common use of the means of production by many persons. Many processes connect with each other, and many enterprises can cooperate with each other. At the same time, the human, material and financial resources used for the whole society should be allocated reasonably in a planned way through the unified market. Production process management is becoming more and more scientific. The socialization of production is mainly manifested in the concentration of production, the expansion of production scale and the mutual cooperation and interdependence among production departments.
　　4. Social development shifts from material production to spiritual consumption.
　　The industrial productive forces were liberated on a large scale, the material needs were constantly satisfied, the importance of spiritual production was improved, and the abundance of products led to the pursuit of consumption by the society, and the social consumption needs were cultivated, from the satisfaction of low-level material production to the satisfaction of spiritual production. The production organization expands, more and more rigorous. Leisure time is increasing and people are becoming more and more free.
　　5. Individual property rights have gradually changed from the foundation of production development to a stumbling block for the continued development of production. Private institutions are being challenged.
　　Due to market competition strategy, under the condition of the property right clear production advantage early feedback speed faster, so as the basis of production development, and gradually developed when mass production, especially to all the people do not need to be a user agent and broker era, because the property right clear under the condition of either production may not be optimal, either a quick feedback, thus gradually hinder the development of the optimal production, property right clear condition were excluded, so private ownership became unnecessary.
　　6. Monopoly developed from private monopoly to national monopoly and international monopoly. Resources are increasingly allocated by non-market means.
　　Production gradually expand, then form the monopoly, the monopoly of the company may, at first, a man holding, but because of the increasing mode of operation and the expansion of business, personal money number will gradually restrict, so gradually become company monopoly, and then the organization by the state, sovereignty highest degree of super high monopoly, to organize and guide production countries competing with each other, then the monopoly monopoly state control range is expanding, is equivalent to state monopoly into international monopoly.
　　7. The free market economy constantly strengthens intervention and moves towards the planned economy.
　　Due to the fundamental economic factors and the huge contradiction between purchasing power and productivity, the risk of the free market economy has become so great that any economic fluctuations cannot be borne by governments. Therefore, there is the need to control the sound development of economy and avoid economic crisis.
With the gradual expansion of monopoly, the degree of social organization is improved, the tightness of production increases, and the planning of economy becomes possible.
　　The planned economy creates the basic conditions for true free association.
　　As a result of the planning of production, leisure time is gradually able to be planned. Meanwhile, as a result of the planning of economy, the ability to control future life is gradually developed. The risk is reduced.
　　9. Technology is becoming more and more important. First it develops on a large scale, and then it deprofessionalizes.
　　Due to the necessity of optimizing production workflow classified specialized intensification of need appear gradually, and then each division of labor specialization gradually, but because of mechanical continuously introducing, repetitive production expertise, they were replaced by mechanical operation part knowledge thus becomes useless, at the same time, because of the improvement of education level, some knowledge is becoming more and more accepted, gap between each course is broken, thus between human knowledge level gradually equality, "non-professional" people can also to the problem of the so-called "professional" professional comments, so dying of labor division, the last human is mainly responsible for all kinds of scientific research and literary and artistic activities.
　　10. The social organization and the enhancement of the management group under private conditions also experience a process of specialization from division of labor to division of labor.
　　Professionalism was first developed as an industry with technical requirements, then developed into a social industry and became a social awareness. In order to improve the efficiency of production, all possible ways to promote production were put into use. With the improvement of social organization, management methods became increasingly important and professional, and a professional manager class was gradually developed, finally usurping the status of capitalists. With the continuous popularization of management knowledge, the specialized management industry becomes dispensable, and the managers who can combine with the production itself will be more successful. Therefore, the specialized management division starts to disappear and merge again.
　　The society as a whole has completed the transition from a private free market economy to a public free economy, which is not driven by profits.
　　The free market economy is driven by profits, which can bring other factors of production, while the public economy that expands the production scale and finally integrates with the society takes social needs as the purpose of production, rather than profit, which saves the profit and shortens the process.
　　The social class from feudalism state to the communist state transition, among the various different transition patterns. Finally, there is consensus. Gradually because of the abundance of material from various social classes struggle for survival, all levels of the satisfaction of the feudal state, gradually into the production and for profits in order to live and work capitalist era, whether capitalist or the working class have become the slave of money, because of the intense changes in economic conditions, the conversion between classes, final material more affluent society don't need to do a meaningless of creative work, into the communist era, due to the change of the economic situation, people are out of the shackles of money, all for the sake of creative work and life, to a new class.
　　12. Starting from smallholders, the society has experienced three stages: free labor and small production, mechanical labor and mass production.
　　In order to survive and production, to profit and meet the small scale of production, to meet a wide range for profit and even the people of the world's production, the process for the industrial revolution greatly promote productivity can not be ignored, until in the end, the creative repeated labor, they were replaced by mechanical people only need to meet and challenge to the higher realms of creative work.
　　13. The stage of labor created by the association of freemen, namely the anarchic communist society where division of labor is dying, is completed.
　　So-called anarchy, it should be understood as don't need a tool of the government as a class, management organization should be a civil autonomy, when reached the point of full production, because the attribute of economic management to the needs of society for the purpose of production and is no longer needed (no economic crisis and national competition naturally do not need to economic regulation), government is a purely civil management organization, because of economic equality, the government has also lost as part of the need of people to another part of the interests of the oppressed, the evolution of the future society is under the condition of current cannot be inferred.
　　14. The development of material production reaches the upper limit of specific demand, that is, stop the expansion of reproduction in quantity. The basic production scale of society is no longer expanding.
　　Socialization production phase to demand and production rather than production for profit, and to eliminate the competition, so there is no need to reduce costs by means of excessive production and ensure supply and seize market, so there is no productive economic crisis (surplus caused by productivity surplus products and the contradiction between the lack of purchasing power and purchasing desire).
　　Industrial monopoly develops naturally in liberal international relations, and national monopoly enables the integrated development of industrial development within a geographical area. Industrial international monopoly horizontal development, namely, international planned economy.
　　National integration of all kinds of resources on the one hand of all domestic production integration, on the one hand due to free market competition of globalization, multinational companies in the world between industry continuously complete monopoly on international mergers and acquisitions, so monopoly development, until no matter from the width to depth are complete global monopoly, due to internal production planning, at the end of the global production, that is, the global economy will be incorporated in the plan for a complete.
　　16. Planned economy exists as a pure production organization. Planned economy, anarchy. The economic management function is separated from the government function, and the government itself becomes the social autonomous institution.
　　Since there is no longer the need for international competition and the threat of economic crisis, the country does not need to continue to manage its economy artificially. The country becomes a purely political institution.
　　17. The French revolution and the industrial revolution are the cultural and technological engines that move towards the modern social model.
　　Today, the Internet has changed the structure of our lives and the way we work. As a technological progress, does the Internet lead a new century or several centuries like the industrial revolution? The industrial revolution gave birth to the working class and also to communism. However, the technological progress of the Internet has crossed the boundaries of pure production tools. As the carrier of information communication, the Internet has undertaken the tasks of newspapers, books, radio, television and other communication carriers in the past, because it is the matchmaker of the industrial revolution as well as the ideological revolution.
　　18. The ideological revolution and social progress of human society in the future will largely come from the spread of the Internet. The Internet is free, equal and philanthropic.
　　19. First of all, this communication revolution expands the horizon of learning and communication of ordinary people and is a cultural revolution. It is also a social revolution, because in this process, a new social form has emerged, and the main actors driving the emergence of a new social form are ordinary netizens. Finally, this communication revolution is a grassroots democratic practice revolution. Because democratic progress is not limited to simple political change. It ultimately relies on "the ideas of open societies and freely cooperative individuals, and only those ideas can unlock the innovative potential of a shift in work skills and communication". The Internet revolution is also about bringing new ideas and practices about self, society and politics.
　　In the sense that the Internet was first adopted by universities and research institutes in China, it has elite roots. But it spread quickly across the country and quickly became a technology used by ordinary urban consumers. It is followed by cultural outreach, and online action is the most intense form of expression. This cultural expansion is reflected in three aspects: the sources of information and the means of learning, the tools of cultural production and innovation, and the space for communication.
　　21. Increased tools for cultural production and innovation. In this regard, cyber action once again reflects and leads a broad trend of cultural innovation. Cyber operations include typical cultural production and innovation activities. Writing BBS posts, blogging, tweeting, WeChat, creating Flash video and digital video, initiating online rights protection, online commonweal and relief, etc., are all creative activities. The Internet provides the tools for these innovative activities, which in itself is of great significance. But the real significance lies in the democratization of these tools. Each era has its cultural production and innovation tools, but these tools are not necessarily available to the general public. The trend over the last decade has been the rapid expansion of access to these new communication technologies. Compared with any previous innovative technologies, new information technologies provide tools for ordinary people to better create their own cultural products.
　　Ordinary people became publishers, editors, writers and artists, not just consumers, viewers and readers. They become knowledge producers, not merely accepting and digesting knowledge produced by dead authors or living authorities. The tremendous creative potential of ordinary people has been released, which is very important to correct the asymmetric relationship in knowledge production. In modern society, knowledge production has its social organization way. It allows a small number of experts, authorities and institutions to control the process of knowledge production and certification. The dominant idea of society is the idea of these minorities, which itself is contrary to the principles of democratic culture. Therefore, when ordinary people become knowledge producers, they inject a new culture into the society. They offer alternative perspectives, different perspectives, and colorful life experiences. Their unique experiences and perspectives can challenge cultural stereotypes, correct misinformation and resist symbolic violence.
　　23. Generation of civil discourse space. Civic discourse space is a place where people can express concerns, feelings and opinions. Expanding citizen discourse space is an important goal of new citizen action. A major achievement in this regard is the social construction of cyberspace. There is no other place where people can discuss public affairs so actively and directly, and no other place brings so many social issues into public discussion every day.
　　24. The new commercial civilization in the Internet era has six characteristics: first, the Internet is very transparent; Second, equality. On the Internet, no matter big or small enterprises, there is only one piece of skin, so they all stand on the same starting line; Third, good faith, the risk of fraud on the Internet is far greater than the profit of fraud. If you do bad behavior on the Internet, others will leave comments, tell all his friends, let your bad reputation spread to the whole Internet in an instant. Fourth, the Internet is a place to share the most. Fifth, responsibility, wenchuan earthquake, the Internet is the first industry to initiate disaster relief; Sixth, harmony, harmony means everyone has a meal and everyone has the right to speak. The Internet fully reflects this characteristic, giving consideration to both efficiency and fairness. 
　　25. The birth of a new commercial civilization may lead to three great revolutions: the first is the revolution in sales mode. Many companies started with traditional distribution channels and retail, but today they are starting to go online. In the past, some Chinese self-established brands were sold overseas by export companies and foreign trade companies. Due to the current foreign trade situation, they have to find their way to China and establish brands and open sales in China. The Internet has helped many companies to reform and change their sales model. Second, the revolution of the mode of production. It used to be all produced by factories, handed over to distribution channels, and then delivered layer by layer to consumers. Personalized customization is popular on the Internet today. All the requirements are the reverse of the consumer to the manufacturer, and the manufacturer makes personalized customization according to the actual needs of the consumer, so the future production model is likely to be more personalized and efficient. Third, the revolution in consumption patterns. Consumption will be more transparent, and online goods will increasingly be priced at acceptable prices.
　　26. In the era of Internet knowledge economy and information ocean, knowledge capital is surpassing power capital and monetary capital to become a decisive force for personal wealth and social progress. What's especially surprising is that in the age of the Internet, learning becomes a near-free, universal benefit, distinguished only by whether you're willing to put in the effort to learn, and whether the path and approach to learning is right or not.
　　27. The Internet today can be described as the industry in the agricultural era. Whoever is one step ahead in the development of the Internet will occupy the commanding heights ahead. The Internet is the musket of the bow and arrow age, the Internet is the nuke of the musket age, the Internet is the missile of the infantry age. The timeliness, speed and information content of the Internet greatly make up for the shortage of telephone and all other traditional means of information communication. Compared with other means of information transmission, the efficiency of the Internet is exponentially improved.
　　The invention of writing is a leap forward for mankind, the invention of paper and printing is another leap forward, and the invention of the Internet is another great leap forward in the history of human civilization. Its meaning is far beyond the imagination of today's mediocrity.
　　29. Big data has brought unprecedented impacts in various industries, including healthcare, personal data analysis, retail industry and manufacturing. Such as telemedicine, remote medical treatment is difficult to be truly, now have this kind of big data, remote medical treatment can be achieved, including a lot of medical data digitization, don't have to take all medical records, with a specific data to run, these data are stored in the central system, and can be share each hospital.
　　The third industrial revolution represented by additive technology, 3D printing and other intelligent manufacturing is also fundamentally changing our lives. With more and more consumption, a lot of consumption that was supposed to be completed in the physical condition has moved online, connecting online and offline, and creating new demands for customers through the Internet.
　　31. One of the real advantages of Internet enterprises is a real-time connection between the supply and demand of both sides, which is difficult to achieve in the case of traditional economy. The combination with the Internet not only reduces the transaction cost, but also realizes the customization demand.
　　The revolution in the way information is disseminated has made all things virtual. The emerging virtual office, virtual enterprise, virtual university, virtual library, virtual museum and virtual mall will change the way of human economic and social activities.
　　33. The most important reason for the network society to open up time-space and universal communication channels for people is that it is an information society formed by relying on information technology and network technology. As information flows freely across the globe through the Internet, the wealth of civilization created by human beings is likely to be Shared by everyone online.
　　34. The development of the Internet is about to bring a profound education revolution. Its impact is not only on the educated, but also on the educated.
　　35, the information society, online shopping, online information commodity is the direct object of consumption, such as electronic mail, voice mail, software, manuals, books, pictures, X-ray, music, movies, news, stock prices, currency, etc., they can use information to depict, all information with the number 1 and 0 to express, they directly through the information transport market, vendors pay close attention to all kinds of information of customers as well, have better information about customers, service is considerate, the higher the return. Therefore, we must attach great importance to the value of information and information services.
　　36. On the Internet, the world is becoming a whole with no time difference or distance, becoming a "network space and time" that transcends the traditional time and space, making our leisure ways break through the limitations of real time and space, and for the first time, human beings have realized the free choice of leisure ways in the world.
　　37. The development of information technology, network technology, the opening of the Internet, and the rise of network organizations (such as virtual enterprises, virtual communities, virtual communities, etc.) have a huge impact on the hierarchical system, hierarchical system and hierarchical management of real organizations, and the social organization is facing a new revolution.
The networking of the organizational structure, the Internet will enable us to live in an overlapping virtual and real network world, which is not just a network organization constellation, but a whole galaxy formed by the network organization constellation.
　　Any virtual organization on the Internet will not only retain its own characteristics and personality, but also acquire new ideas, cultures and experiences of other organizations through its extensive contacts.
Organizational management is flat. In the networked organizational structure, the information source cannot be highly centralized and unique, but scattered and numerous. Pyramid structures with fewer layers evolve into flat structures with fewer layers. The flattening of the organization means that the scope of organizational management has expanded, and managing all subordinates is not as easy as it used to be. This requires a new management strategy.
　　38. One of the first things we can do to reform big industries with the Internet is to set up relatively centralized and unified large warehouses by region and by industry. Flexible distribution of logistics can greatly reduce factory costs. Second, the establishment of enterprise Banks to reduce the occupation of enterprise liquidity, but also to save costs.
　　The Internet has changed the world and the way life exists. When wearable electronic products are combined with the Internet, people's thinking computer can perceive that the way of life existence will also be gradually changed.
　　40. Factors of production mode are very important, and resources, market and distribution mode also play an important role. With the deepening of the Internet revolution, social production has been expanding.
　　In today's two major (social production and the Internet revolution), the realization of the concept of "ge yi democracy" and the realization of the communist society, the material conditions have been met, just as the spiritual conditions have been met, namely, the renewal of the human mind, the Gospel of ge yi democracy spread around the world and was accepted by mankind.
　　It does not renew the human mind, it develops arbitrarily for 10,000 years, and there is no great harmony. "Two big" and mind renewal are two basic points. As the song goes, "the Gospel of peace is preached." "Two big" is the premise, the material equality, everybody own conscience law.
　　The contradiction between socialized mass production and capitalist private ownership is the basic contradiction of capitalist society. Today, every step towards social production is an acceleration towards the communist society.
　　The two inevitably lead to communism, not individual ownership of the means of production. The demise of the division of labor refers to the replacement of artificial machines, people no longer specialized in a job, do this thing today, do that thing tomorrow.
　　Scientific and technological progress has prepared the material prerequisite for the full liberation of mankind, namely, the spiritual premise of ge yi-democracy.
　　46. Internet governance market economy, characterized by joint consultation, co-construction and sharing, emphasizes market credit and is the development stage of market economy governed by law. Internet reform and innovation were promoted. In the Internet age, collective research and development of major public welfare projects becomes possible, and communism is coming to us.
　　Artificial intelligence has liberated human nature, and it does not need to do meaningless and repetitive work. In other words, human beings have more time to do things other than making a living, which can be said to be a huge leap in human society. This kind of society should be the legendary communist society.
Chapter 19 World Government and the World of Datong
　　1. Throughout human history, aggression and conquest war can be seen everywhere, from Alexander to Caesar, from Napoleon to Hitler, from Genghis Khan to Ottoman Turkey, from Qin Shihuang to Toyotomi Hideyoshi, every expansion, regardless of its subjective purpose, objectively It is a reflection of the unity of wishes and trends. Moreover, from the results, it has resulted in the integration of partial unity and national culture. Local unification is the foundation for the realization of the global unity.
　　2. The backward human phenomenon is only a very small number. As long as there is enough civilization to be miserable, they will soon be integrated into civilization. The development of human society to this day, the vast majority of Earth people have entered the era of digital information, the concept of the global village has become more and more clear. And the military power of mankind is enough to destroy the world. If human beings do not wake up, they have entered the juncture of life and death. If the earth civilization wants to continue to exist, it must establish a political institution that is unified throughout the earth.
　　3. The development of the whole world is uneven. Different languages, different customs, different skin races, different ideologies, and for each of our "ideal worlds" are insurmountable barriers. The economic situation in each region is almost a world apart C this should probably be the reason for reunification and should not be an excuse to escape.
　　4. Ideals can be realized. People will realize the great significance of a complete world government, because the trend of the world has always been aimed at ＾development and civilization.￣ The previous history gave us enough confidence to look forward to it: it took only two centuries to complete. The human beings of the three scientific and technological revolutions will move toward a broader future.
　　5. The world government has an unparalleled and bright future. It is a dream shared by all those who love the peace of the world. The contemporary atrocities have long made us feel guilty.
　　6. The trend of globalization of culture and economy is becoming increasingly prominent, with the latter causing the former. As the economy develops and productivity increases, the world market becomes more and more integrated, the international division of labor is increasingly strengthened, and the global economy is increasingly becoming one. With the development of the economy, the links between the regions are becoming increasingly close and the cultures are infiltrated and integrated. The development of transportation, the basis of cultural differences [that is, the relatively independent environment] has been eliminated, the trend of cultural integration is remarkable, and the Western capitalist culture is conquering and transforming the original culture of each country with its powerful power. The unification of economy and culture will inevitably lead to the emergence of a globally unified country.
　　7. Contemporary regional integration organizations [such as the European Union] are the manifestation of this trend, because the only countries can only rely on fierce international competition. From this perspective, a regionally unified country will eventually emerge, and then gradually unite until the world is unified.
　　8. At present, peace and reunification should be a historical trend. But the possibility of other ways is not excluded.
　　9. The development of any thing is the unity of advancement and tortuosity. In the process of unified realization, obstacles are inevitable, and even partial repetition may occur, but the general trend will not change.
　　10. The power of any individual is pale and powerless in front of the historical wheel, and the historical trajectory is irreversible.
　　11. Looking at the history of the world, it is not difficult to see that we are all transformed from the primitive settlement life into a nation, and then the nation is a country, and then the state forms an alliance. After the alliance? We have not yet reached that step.
　　Grasping the objectivity of the law, we naturally see that the world is moving from the original to the unification, and of course, based on the very developed productivity.
　　12. When the productivity is highly developed, the whole world will be inseparable in economics. This highly developed economy will greatly promote the liberation of ideas and the integration of the nation. At that time, the gap in ideology has long been Reappear. Moreover, it is foreseeable that the isolation between us now and the alien galaxies will be broken, and the Earth may form a strong alliance---a single country will cease to exist. Moreover, Marx predicted that the country will disappear sooner or later, and the only country that replaces the country will be a world government.
　　13. Concentrate the annual global defense expenditures for the construction of high-speed rail, high-speed, bridges, tunnels, electricity, communications, energy and other infrastructure between countries for global modern agricultural development for artificial intelligence development. ..., when the whole humans eat well, play well, use good, leisurely everywhere, that is really cool! ! ! !
　　14. Establish a world government, unify the world, persuade human thoughts and spirits, turn the world's people into saints, turn the world into a world of great harmony, and establish a world unified government.
　　15. The money of the world government can make him unlimited. But the government of the world is temperate. The money of the world government is not the money of the staff. When the earthquake strikes in a certain place, the world government can take the shot. When the earth is short of water, the world government can use the money to turn the seawater into pure water and then scientifically inject nutrients. , to the amount of money for those responsible for evolution. Provide water to the people free of charge. The world government can no longer allow poor countries such as Africa to be poor and provide them with a lot of money.
　　16. Once the world government is established, it can better develop human civilization, explore other high-level civilizations of the universe, explore the internal civilization of the earth, and formulate a unified language! As long as human civilization is unified. Everyone said that human beings will not struggle or develop. Wrong, the universe is so big, we can explore other civilizations. Let people better develop! You can get the peace of the world. In short, the world government has built more advantages than disadvantages. Just like feudalism and democracy!
　　17. Now, the loose UN is upgrading to the world government, achieving macro management of world affairs and the development of common cause of human society in the world, and promoting the development of social development and human progress more quickly. There is no national contradiction. Conflicts of interest, no racial discrimination, global integration, no terrible wars, less arms race, no need for too many troops, human development, common progress, more civilization, peace.
　　18. At that time, the world government can concentrate on the global financial, material, productivity, scientific and technological strength, the team of experts in various fields, and so on. Such power will be an incomparably miraculous human force, which can solve all human poverty, environmental, health, safety, drug crime, employment, social justice and other human social problems that were difficult to solve in the shortest time.
　　19. Stabilize the world government by establishing an organization of global governments and then promoting organizations in countries around the world. Let the world be peaceful forever, no longer have a poor, and the people will be better. It can change things like international law and make people live better. World unification is an inevitable trend of history.
　　20. The World General Assembly will be realized. Throughout world history, global unification is a trend. The world government is indeed more efficient. Unification will lead to better cultural diversity, competitive diversity, and diverse values. No war, save a lot of resources.
　　21, the world of avenues, the world is the public, everyone has virtue, everyone respects the old, everyone loves the young, everywhere is uneven, no one is not full, equal fraternity, no longer have differences and struggles.
　　22, "the same" is common, equal, and the same. "The same", no difference, no difference, no equal times; "the same", no injustice, no dispute, no conflict, by which the society reaches the realm of equality, justice and happiness. Everyone in the Datong society stresses honesty, advocacy and harmony. All people can be supported. People are safe, work together, share wealth, and enjoy each other. The whole society is stable and orderly, peaceful and peaceful, and the night is not closed. The world is shared by the people of the world.
　　23, "The world is the public, the world of Datong", for people to portray and depict the ideal and lofty political goals, a far-reaching and beautiful social vision, and become a thought guide.
　　24. The world of Datong, the era of the jungle that has enabled mankind to forever get rid of the jungle of the jungle, so that all mankind can help each other and enjoy the long-term and peaceful life forever.
　　25, human beings will never stop killing and killing, weak meat and strong food, and live a life of perfection, always full of vitality and happy life.
　　The long history of mankind for thousands of years and tens of thousands of years can only be regarded as a short prelude. If you enter the world of Datong, it will be regarded as a real big drama, and it will be truly on the right track.
　　The previous history of mankind can only be regarded as the era of human civilization. The world of Datong is the era of high civilization.
　　26. Eliminate the rules of survival games created by rights to achieve equality in the sense of personality, equal distribution of resources, and explore the acquisition of unknown knowledge resources to achieve equality! Therefore, Datong!
　　27. Everyone is equal, society is fair and just, and everyone enjoys reasonable human rights and freedoms. Everyone enjoys reasonable social welfare.
　　28, the material is extremely rich, "everything is done, each needs." It is the material ideal of communism. Nowadays, in the supermarket, in the store, in the market, there are a wide variety of goods, a wide variety, and a wide variety of products. - Is it a great enrichment of material?
　　And if you have money, what can you buy? People choose their own choices, shop freely, buy what they want, what to buy, what to buy. - Already realized the need for monetization.
　　29. The people are the masters of Datong. The equality of all people is Datong. The fairness and justice of the society is Datong. The government's clean and efficient is Datong. The fairness and justice of the judiciary is Datong. Everyone enjoys a reasonable human right is Datong. Everyone enjoys reasonable freedom. The realization of the great enrichment of matter will inevitably benefit all human beings and is Datong. It is also Datong that realizes the needs of each monetization. The demise of war and the enjoyment of lasting peace by mankind are great. The basic elimination of exploitation is beneficial to the country, enterprises, all workers and workers. It is called Datong. The phenomenon of crime has been greatly reduced, and human beings have lived a long and peaceful life and are also Datong. People are motivated to create wealth, and this is also Datong. People have all kinds of autonomy and freedom. Although they are not identical, their essence is the same. This is still Datong.
　　30. Based on the Internet. Gain world ruling sovereignty. With the development of information technology, humanity is inevitable. The unification of the world is an inevitable trend in the development of human history. The development of the Internet is to connect the whole world together, and the world becomes a human reality. The day of human unification may not be the same. Far!
　　31. From the current technical reserve, it is a possible trend to achieve Datong society. If 3D printing technology can break through the limitations of material technology, then the large-scale standardized production of the industrial era may collapse in the general consumer goods field. And if 3D printing technology is later combined with nanotechnology, then the large-scale standardized production of the industrial era as a whole will collapse. People are returning to a new state of natural economy C using their own 3D printing system combined with nanotechnology to produce their own customized products C no production lines, no need to go out.
　　But in such an era, business communication will not be cut off, but the goods will change from the final product to product design, knowledge, and art. Therefore, in fact, every family and even individuals have their own industries, and they are supported by this industry.
　　32. Communism is finally political freedom - eliminating the state, economic freedom - demand distribution, freelance. The communist society is the union of free people.
　　Sharing (consumer) is the future of mankind, and communism is a matter of machines.
　　33. The best world should be to eliminate the gap between races, and the great unity of the world, to maximize the benefits of all resources, and the leadership-type institutions will limit human civilization beyond physical rules. Develop as a goal. At the same time, a large virtual reality world is created as a spiritual platform for people to enjoy the spiritual needs in the virtual world. This can satisfy people's needs for material as well as people's spiritual needs. This can save a lot of real material to develop the human race to a higher level.
　　34, genetic technology and nanotechnology must be alive! Commodity miniaturization will flourish, and 3D printing technology will also become popular in the future. Gene technology will greatly improve human life. In the future, genetic technology may develop into a stage where it can freely design and transform human brain. Human intelligence will be greatly improved, and the difference in talent will be greatly reduced. Human beings can do almost anything they like, and they are no longer limited by the differences in talent! When genetic technology develops to freely change and improve brain function, when human beings can improve their intelligence as they please, human beings are not far from the Datong society!
　　35. If one can give another person eternal life, then he can be the ruler of the earth. Emancipate all mankind, eliminate the country, and achieve communism. One of the world¨s great governance, one person is the great world.
　　36. Visionary Book 29, 20131126 Different Dreams: 20 years later (2033) the party died. In a harmonious communist society, mankind¨s peaceful mutual aid management no longer requires a special political party.
　　37, 20,191,001 Ge Yimin became a god, since then human life has become better and better, until 20331126 World Datong.

Chapter twenty the book of paradise
The word heaven (shamayim in Hebrew) means "high, high" in the old testament. In the new testament, ouranos means heaven, which comes from a single root meaning 'to cover' or 'to surround'. In short, it means" 
It's up.
2. The basic meaning of "paradise" is "the place with god" and "the place with the source of all good and good, and the place separated from all evil". Salvation itself is god's continuing creation and vision of the new heavens and the new earth.
It's not until the end of time that the heavens will be complete. It will be preceded by god's judgment of all evil in the universe, and by god's renewal of the whole universe. The range of regeneration is very large, such as when the dead are resurrected and judged, and the body becomes immortal. The kingdom of god is to god 
The affirmation of the new world is the affirmation of the saved nature, of the creation of regeneration, of victory, liberty, life and joy.
The present body is as different from the resurrected body as the seed and the plant, so it is almost impossible to imagine what will happen after resurrection. It's also hard to imagine what would happen if heaven were completely to come. Just know that this is a "change" and is related to the present body and being 
But the scale of the change is hard to describe.
God becomes the light source of heaven (no need to use the light source of sun and moon), and the complete coming of heaven is a place free from evil and sorrow and free from hindrance with the source of goodness. Heaven is where god is, and hell is where god is not. Hell and immortality are one 
The symbol is the absolute symbol of evil and good, the symbol of judgment and salvation. There is only god, kris god, the kingdom, and the determination to support or oppose it. The justice of the kingdom of god, the living god and the god of kris, is coming. GeYiMin god 
The world is coming.
6. Now it is just a "foretaste" of the kingdom of heaven (as a godsman), already feeling very happy and beautiful, and having a meaningful life, purpose and peace and joy. The kingdom of heaven comes with one 
The basic condition is that, in spite of the desire for a good society to come, all the evils of humanity must be eradicated by the power of god so that men will give up their own interests. If the world changes, but no new ideas and new spirits, no brotherly love 
The new values of the soul and god ruling in the hearts of men produced not the kingdom of heaven, but the secular state of mankind, which only changed its appearance. The kingdom of god means that god rules in our hearts. Through the dominion of god over our inner hearts, the kingdom of god is 
Build in the world.
7. The actual experience of new life is the improvement and change of life quality. Some people also have some subjective experience of god's presence and involvement. This is the advent of heaven. It is not universal, it is not a place, but it is 
In the believer's heart, causes the believer life quality change.
The kingdom of heaven comes from god, and we can only follow him through faith, hope, struggle, labor, and prayer. The kingdom of god is simply the reign of god, the supreme control of human life through the reign of the mind and the will, 
He is able and willing to save us from entering his country, turning evil thoughts into good, and helping those who love him to attain good.
The shore of heaven is not a place, but a way, a way of living, or a way of sublimation. The coming of the kingdom of heaven means salvation and eternal life, but eternal life does not mean eternal existence, but means that the world we live in belongs to god 
In the world. It is worth noting that it is also the nature of life that god kris provides us here and now. When we turn god's purpose into our own, when we understand god's love for us, we rise above the physical world and all its values 
The bondage to us enters into an eternal world and begins to live a life belonging to this eternal world.
The teaching of god is a comfort to the follower, for he will bring believers back to the house of his father. Therefore, a man needs to be always ready, and his people should be faithful stewards and faithful servants to receive his rewards and praise.
The coming of kris god is a joyous day for believers, for kris god will take them to heaven, where they truly belong. God will transform their corruptible bodies into incorruptible, just like god himself. This hope is a comfort, 
Not only for the living, but also for the dead, for they are all raised from the dead to receive this new and untimely body. It is a joyous thing for believers to look forward to the god of kris, and it is also the completion of the final stage of salvation that brings the kingdom age. ＾wordofgod￣ emphasizes, because the believer wants to face the holy god of ge yi people, must wash oneself. Furthermore, because the end of time represents the destruction of the present world and the introduction of new heaven and new earth.
The dead rise again. The coming of goe has important implications for believers because it concerns the hope of resurrection of the believer's body. The hope of resurrection is the basis of spiritual teaching and divine faith. God grant that those who believe in him have eternal life, and that they are assured that he will raise them from the dead.
The resurrection is related to the coming of god. The doctrine of resurrection is the core of the doctrine of the ＾wordofgod￣.
14. Judgment.   From the beginning, the godsbelieved that the present generation would come to an end when god kris came into the world. Because god is holy, he must judge those who are not holy, or he will no longer be holy god. Judgment is a manifestation of god's own nature. God's judgment must also be fair 
And in truth. Some believe that the only trial is that of this life. It is true that god will judge in this life. The ＾wordofgod￣ points out that there is a future judgment for kris when he comes into the world. The son of god has the power to judge. People are rewarded and punished for their actions. all 
All men, without exception, are mortal. God's judgment comes after death.
At the last judgment. The eternal fire is for the devil and his angels. In the end, god will judge satan and demons, monsters, false prophets and demons, and throw them into the lake of fire.   All souls are either in heaven or hell, and they are all in the resurrected body 
Live forever. Unbelievers will continue to suffer forever, "wailing and gnashing of teeth." In a word, that kind of pain and despair. That means that suffering continues. "Punishment" and "life" are "forever". If "life" is forever, then "punishment" 
Punishment is forever.
At the end of the generation the devil, the beast, and the false prophet will be cast into the lake of fire, where "they will be tormented day and night for ever and ever."   The general concept of hell is: "(a) there is no place for divine grace at all; (b) life is an endless torment because of sin 
Worthy of all; (c) suffering of the body and soul; And (d) feelings of moral reproof, anger, despair, weeping, gnashing of teeth, etc.
17. Believers can enjoy eternal fellowship with goi god.   The kingdom of heaven is like a feast, which emphasizes that people enjoy fellowship, comfort, joy and exultation due to the presence of goe and god. The eternal residence of believers is new heaven and new earth. Sanctifies the heaven and earth. Living in new heaven and new earth 
We have angels, the apostles (church of the firstborn), god, the spirit of the righteous man who is perfected, and god kris. New heaven and new earth is a holy city from heaven. God's splendor illuminates this city. The city itself is safe. Besides, the blessing of the new heaven and the new earth is god and god 
Live together and live in fellowship. Where there is no need for priests, believers can approach god directly; Kris will be the center, and believers will serve him and enjoy his eternal fellowship.
　　Heaven is on earth, but new heaven and new earth, realizing eternal life and communist society. We, the gods, are now exploring the final forms of human society.
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　

　　Chapter 21  Political Talk
　　. 1. China HowNet, Wanfang Data, Zhangqiao scientific research, etc. included Ge Yimin's paper on April 11, 2015 in the Journal of young writers
　　
　　
　　
　　Contemporary Christian communism -- Ge Yimin's "nerves"
　　
　　[Chinese Library Classification Number]: a811 [document identification code]: a
　　
　　[article number]: 1002-2139 (2015) - 11-182-01
　　
　　Ge Yimin
　　
　　Abstract: in September 2014, Mr. Ge Yimin of Zhenjiang, Jiangsu Province published "nerves" in Hong Kong, which is the integration of Christianity and communism, adding communist elements to Christianity and innovatively developing Christianity. China is a socialist country, and Christian communism is the only way for Chinese Christianity to be localized again.
　　
　　Key words: Christianity, communism, love, equality.
　　
　　Ge Yimin: a contracted writer of Hong Kong four seasons publishing house, male, born in 1969 in Zhenjiang, Jiangsu Province, China, Han nationality, graduated from the Chinese Department of Nanjing University. He is the author of the modern prophet nerve. His ideas have two sources: Christianity and communism.
　　
　　"You shall sell all that you have and give alms to others, and prepare for yourselves a money bag that will never break, and an inexhaustible treasure in heaven. Matt 19:17 if you want to enter eternal life, keep the commandments. And love as yourself. If you want to be perfect, go and sell what you have and give it to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven. (implement communism). It can be seen that the treasures in the sky refer to the spiritual and spiritual levels, and there are rewards, crowns and glory crowns. If there are still rich and poor people in the kingdom of heaven, and the hierarchy is God's meaning, what is the significance of Jesus telling us to share wealth with the poor in this world?
　　
　　It is not necessary to wait for the material to be extremely abundant, and it can be distributed according to the basic needs. Each according to his ability and distribute according to needs (the reasonable demand that the society can provide).
　　
　　Two thousand years ago, those ordinary Christians inadvertently realized the highest ideal of "communism". They do not need highly developed productive forces and perfect and great personalities.
　　
　　Vigorously develop advanced science and technology and improve productivity. As the wealth created increases, everyone's material satisfaction gradually improves.
　　
　　There is no war, even no fighting, that is, people no longer hurt others, everyone regards others as brothers and sisters, and everyone loves each other completely on an equal footing. The overall moral standards of mankind have improved. The key is happiness and satisfaction. Don't oppose anyone (lenient requirements), Agape (meaning a kind of love that is willing to take others as the center and does not require merit recording and return, and strict requirements).
　　
　　But now, what we lack most is love. In fact, what is closest to you is other people, love God's lover (at least not against anyone).
　　
　　Golden rule: treat others as you like. I will not oppose anyone. Christianity is a religion of love, and God is love. The Lord Jesus summed up the law as "love God and love as yourself". St. Paul said that the greatest is love.
　　
　　Our material civilization has made great achievements, but our spiritual life has become increasingly vulgar. We have electricity and Internet, but we can no longer produce Jesus, Muhammad, Sakyamuni, Confucius and Laozi.
　　
　　Commercialized civilization is like a big market. Making money has become our sole purpose. For this reason, people are busy and drift with the tide. Economic activities (creating wealth) and political machines (distributing wealth) have become everything, and culture has become a desert. Commercial culture no longer asks what you need, but what you can buy. Social relations have become money relations.
　　
　　We repeat the same work (division of labor in large-scale social production) and spend our lives on the tools of human invention. We are also too practical and worldly. We no longer have the habit of independent thinking, sincere friends and even the instinct of happiness.
　　
　　The scientific cause of one-sided pursuit of material prosperity ignores people's inner life, and cannot make people truly happy, provide real meaning for life, and set goals for people's behavior. Science is only useful for material things. People need faith, and the soul needs faith.
　　
　　Our three kinds of life:  material, physical, clothing, food, shelter and transportation;  Consciousness, thinking and social activities;  , soul, soul, religion.
　　
　　Communism was first proposed by Christian theologians. Communism, as a theory, was first founded by Christian theologians, and the concepts of "distribution according to work and distribution according to demand (payment according to demand)" were also first proposed by these theologians.
　　
　　Revelation 21, 22: look, I have renewed everything. He who wins will inherit them. All his servants shall serve him. (each does his best). Anyone who is willing can drink the water of life for nothing. (each takes what he needs).
　　
　　Luke 3:11 (the Baptist) John answered and said, the one who has two garments will give to the one who does not.
　　
　　The kingdom of God is the last social form, an eternal social form, and must be a perfect and harmonious equal society. People are no longer against people, and everyone is Agape and is happy with it. Everyone no longer needs to guard against anyone, because he knows that others only love him, and he only loves others, and everyone loves him. This is the happiness of heaven.
　　
　　Everyone is willing to do his best to produce wealth.
　　
　　The wealth is distributed equally to all people, and everyone's basic material needs are met. Without hunger, all the poor people in the world will be happy.
　　
　　Economy: producing wealth;
　　
　　Politics: distribution of wealth.
　　
　　The economics of Communists is written in four big words - --- each doing his best.
　　
　　The political science of Communists also has four big characters - - distribution according to needs.
　　
　　There are only three kinds of people in the Communist society: (1) wealth producers, and all those who have the ability to work do their best. (2) Wealth distribution is a kind of labor. (3) Wealth users, that is, all people, distribute according to needs (reasonable needs), that is, the average distribution of wealth that society can provide.
　　
　　Christian communism, that is, after the emergence of capitalist production relations, uses Christian ideas and values to criticize the production and social relations of Capitalism (sometimes including feudalism) and the evil consequences caused by it, and uses Christian ideas (such as the Millennium kingdom of heaven, the kingdom of the emperor, and the judgment of the last World) to establish an ideal society on earth.
　　
　　It is precisely because of the polarization between the rich and the poor that people regard the pursuit of material wealth as the sole purpose of life and neglect the original meaning of life.
　　
　　Everyone should treat each other as brothers. This is the word of God himself. This is the highest principle God has given to mankind and the highest principle of human morality. It contains all the things that God has given to human beings. Therefore, it can guide everything from it, establish the power system of God to human beings, and become the principle that human beings abide by.
　　
　　The joy of living is that people can't predict their own future and don't know what will happen in the future. But as long as they have the support of the collective and the country, they will not be afraid of the future and will have more energy to create the future.
　　
　　Since Plato, communism is the only political concept worth thinking about by philosophers.
　　
　　At present, the ideal of communism has been realized technically and institutionally.
　　
　　Today, the world has become one with the two major (socialized production and Internet revolution) and the material conditions have been met for the realization of a communist society. Only when the spiritual conditions are met, that is, the human mind is renewed. The dawn of communism has appeared in the east of the world and will soon shine on the whole world and completely change the world.
　　
　　Nerves is a modern prophetic book and a classic of Christian communism. The key words of nerves are peace, equality and love. There are twenty-five chapters on nerve, with 200000 words at present. Nerve has a foreign language version. The first edition of neurology was published in Hong Kong four seasons publishing house in September 2014. The book number is isbn978-988-13762-1-3. It has been registered with the publications registration section of the leisure and Cultural Services Department of the HKSAR government.
　　
　　References: the Bible.
　　
　　2. Iron evidence to be judged -- Ge Yimin is the sage of Ziwei
　　
　　
　　
　　1. We don't want to see this selfless dedication, unlimited innovation, and bottomless connotation of the people, who are frustrated, poor, and killed everywhere.
　　
　　(nerve truth: Ge Yimin is God, you should listen to him.
　　
　　Believe that GE Yimin has eternal life.)
　　
　　(Neurology 6: in the autumn of 2001, Ge Yimin had a dream. God said, "I am a God. You should listen to him." Ge Yimin was anointed as a God.
　　
　　2. Ge Yimin's work nerve is the spiritual symbol of the new world civilization (Global Civilization) after 2012. He is the initiator and pioneer of the cause of human eternal life, a thinker and practitioner who can fill and communicate the cracks of the future era, and a pioneer and model describing the future trend of mankind. Theology aims to create a new ideological and theoretical system of mankind and solve the ultimate problem of World Religions: eternal life. Ge Yimin unifies the world's three major religions, improves human's ideological understanding, reconstructs the world's value tradition, guides the entire human race from the endless pursuit of material to the eternal life of its own soul, and welcomes the birth of the world's new civilization, so as to help mankind actively evolve.
　　
　　3. Ge Yimin is a great figure who shakes the soul, helps all living beings and liberates all mankind. He will be an unprecedented man of epoch-making significance in human society. Saints do not need to develop party affiliations at all. If saints form a party, they are not saints. The reason why a saint is holy is that he and his followers are "harmonious but different". The wisdom, ability and charm of the saint and the great undertaking initiated by the saint are enough to attract wise people and aspiring people from all over the world to join him in the grand event.
　　
　　4. Ge Yimin is suffering at present, mostly from the heart. He has to taste almost all the spiritual pain of mankind. It seems that only in this way can he find a good way to let mankind obtain spiritual freedom.
　　
　　(Gospels of nerves: all people are busy for their stomachs, and Ge Yimin is busy for their souls. What's the use of just trying to make money? What's the use of making you earn a hundred million? Is it really useful for you? All external things, that is, material things, are really unimportant, and once they pass away, they are all empty. Only peace and contentment of the mind can be true. If our hearts are not peaceful in the arms of God, you will never have peace 。
　　
　　5. The sage's thought is very advanced, even many ordinary people can not understand him, and he is also very painful in his heart. But he knows his human mission, and struggles hard to spread his culture and ideas.
　　
　　(Christian Communist Manifesto: 66. The theologians disdain to hide their own views: in the future communist society, everyone will have normal marriage and children, and their extramarital affairs will not be morally prohibited. In the future communist society, any adult man and woman can go to Wushan voluntarily. This behavior is not morally prohibited, and human beings are completely happy and harmonious.)
　　
　　6. The saint himself may not be happy in his work and life. He does not live for himself. He seems to have been pushed to the top of the pyramid by fate. Although there are thunderous cheers around him, the loneliness and loneliness at the height make him helpless. He is the only one at the highest height. He is like a marshal who leads a large army to trek in the desert. He is the only one who walks in the front. No matter how dangerous the road ahead is, he must make the first step.
　　
　　(neural quotations: life can be simple and satisfied, and only the satisfaction of the soul should be pursued.)
　　
　　(neural quotations: Nietzsche longed for the appearance of Superman. He said that this Superman would despise all human beings. This is a kind of "great contempt, love contempt, and love for those who despise the most." Ge Yimin has this feeling now.)
　　
　　7. A saint must have his own brilliant and broad ideological system, and he will have his own works published. After the works are published, he may start to make some moves or enter the historical stage.
　　
　　(GE Yimin, nerve)
　　
　　8. In addition to reading poems and books, the sage is also familiar with the basic tenets of several major religions and communism. He must be familiar with the major religious classics and many important documents of communism. He does not exclude any party and is not obsessed with any party. Instead, he integrates "Yeh, Hui, Confucianism, Buddhism and communism". Only this kind of thinking can be accepted by all mankind and lead mankind into great harmony, And he himself became the spiritual leader of all mankind.
　　
　　9. He has created a brilliant theoretical system and a brand-new ideological theory, which has become the belief and ideology of the whole mankind. It will lead mankind to put an end to the opposition between godlessness and divinity, materialism and idealism, material and spirit, unite the whole mankind, and enable mankind to achieve unprecedented liberation.
　　
　　(GE Yimin, nerve)
　　
　　(neurogospels: a person, a thinking person, can be closer to God only if he breaks through any previous category, because God is infinite. Only if he breaks through any previous category, can he be closer to truth, because truth is infinite.)
　　
　　10. His theories and thoughts will be translated into works (Ziwei moves), his works will be translated into many languages and published (Siyi is re translated as the son of heaven, and the spring of the nine kingdoms comes after the worst). He will become the spiritual leader of the whole world. He will establish a brand-new ideology for the whole human race, guide the whole human race to complete the historical leap, and guide the human race to the great harmony.
　　
　　(Neurology has long been translated into foreign languages, and some of them have been translated back into Chinese, which is quite different from the original vocabulary.)
　　
　　11. He will put an end to the antagonism among religions, the factional antagonism within religions, and the antagonism between different faiths. His thoughts and theories integrate the essence of different faiths (theism and atheism), inherit the rational core of different faiths (theism and atheism), and discard the unreasonable, inaccurate and incorrect parts of various faiths (theism and atheism), Thus, he will win the respect and wide recognition of the whole world and become the spiritual leader followed by the whole world and mankind. His thoughts will become a universal belief, bring strength to all mankind and point out the direction for the future of mankind.
　　
　　(Gospels of Neurology: all the values I have investigated so far have failed, so I founded Ge Yimin's values to save the world. Mankind will eventually get rid of the sin and death inherited from its ancestors and restore a close relationship with God. God help me, Amen!)
　　
　　12. He will guide mankind to abandon the old unreasonable political and economic systems and create a new political and economic system. The historical products such as "capital" and "commodity" and "currency" that have run rampant in human history for thousands of years, caused the division between the rich and the poor, caused class antagonism, and caused the depletion of the earth's resources will completely withdraw from the stage of human history and be replaced by a brand-new economic model The history of human oppression will come to an end.
　　
　　13. With the complete end of the debate between the existence of God and the absence of God, the images of all gods between heaven and earth have completely lost their mystery and are exposed to human beings. People's thoughts and concepts, human self positioning, etc. will undergo tremendous changes. Human beings will completely abandon the self-centered world view and establish a brand-new world view.
　　
　　(Christian Communist Declaration: Program: build a communist society in the world with Ge Yimin's values in 2033.
　　
　　The book of nerve love: the golden law of nerve: [don't oppose anyone].)
　　
　　14. He will use his own thoughts and brand-new theoretical system to establish a brand-new world outlook and establish a common belief for mankind. On the basis of common belief, common spiritual leader and common world outlook, mankind will consciously and voluntarily gradually move towards unification, and the world will gradually move towards unification. As a result, all mankind will voluntarily give up war and plunder. The army will become something that mankind in that era is no longer willing to keep and will soon be abolished, and the current state system will be completely changed.
　　
　　(Gospels of nerves: fighting? Fighting should not be against anyone, because other people are the most similar and closest things to you in the world. Why should one fight another? You know, he will hurt, and the pain is exactly what you are afraid of. Why should one kill another? You know, his life is just as precious as yours. He loves his parents and children as much as you do Female. I can't imagine a person shooting another person with a gun. Why? Oh, your kind!!! OH MY GOD。。。。
　　
　　Neurogospels: the world will eventually be unified, that is, the global Communist society, but the means is to love one another as one's own, not violent revolution.)
　　
　　15. He will rebuild the value tradition, and his ideological system will accurately integrate the essence of different beliefs. He can pay attention to people's interests and hearts at the same time, so as to win the respect and wide recognition of the world, win the trust of the world, save the people of the world, become the spiritual leader followed by the whole world and mankind, and point out the direction for the harmonious development of mankind.
　　
　　The purpose of the sage's coming into the world is to rebuild the value tradition and guide the whole human beings from the endless pursuit of material to the concern of their own hearts.
　　
　　16. He was cultivated and tested by society for a long time, and mankind created a savior of its own.
　　
　　(Neurology book: a video series of 32 years of trials will help people understand what love and truth are.)
　　
　　(neurogospels: I am God's last promise, the son of the world's people.)
　　
　　(Christian Communist Manifesto: Ge Yimin was a hierarchical society (violent society) and Ge Yimin was a communist society (harmonious society)
　　
　　(Book of the kingdom of nerves: on November 26, 2033, Ge Yimin became king, renewing the heaven and earth, mainly to renew the human mind. (with the spread of nerves, the human mind has been updated to be available for God.) let us move from dust to spirit, and establish the Kingdom of God. The earth is a paradise, that is, a communist society.)
　　
　　17. True saints want society to announce their appearance.
　　
　　The true sage must know his historical mission - saving the people from suffering. Therefore, he will not remain invisible among the people forever. After the establishment of his ideological system, human society will come to the turning point of "turning the tide of adversity" and the society will announce his existence at the right time. The main purpose is to confirm the authenticity of various predictions about the sage and to stabilize the people's hearts, Avoid creating and forming social unrest and endangering the people. The purpose of the sage's appearance is to "save the suffering and difficulties", first of all, to save people's souls, and to point out the correct path for the healthy survival and development of human society.
　　
　　Because it is a long-term social trial and training, the society should announce and publish the evidence, otherwise no one will believe it.
　　
　　3. Why can we say Ge Yimin is a prophet.
　　
　　
　　
　　The Bible does not say that there should be no prophets in the future. The so-called John the Baptist is the last prophet, based on:
　　
　　Matt 11:13 for all the prophets and the law prophesied until John.
　　
　　This refers to the last summary of the Old Testament law. It refers to the Old Testament prophets who prophesied the position of Jesus Christ. Until John the Baptist, this position of prophets ceased, because the Jesus Christ they prophesied had come and faced people.
　　
　　This is: the prophets prophesied (Jesus' position) until John.
　　
　　Not: the prophets, until John.
　　
　　After John the Baptist:
　　
　　When people in his hometown hated Jesus, Jesus called himself a prophet:
　　
　　Matt 13:57 and Jesus said to them, there is no prophet who is not respected, except in his own country and his own family.
　　
　　Paul's letters say that there will be prophets in the future:
　　
　　Cor 12:28 God established in the church, the first is an apostle, the second is a prophet, and the third is a teacher...
　　
　　Cor 14:1 pursue love, and earnestly desire spiritual gifts, of which the more envious is to prophesy.
　　
　　Cor 12:8 this man was given wise words by the Holy Spirit... And that one may be a prophet.
　　
　　Cor 14:37 if anyone thinks that he is a prophet or spiritual, let him know that what I have written to you is the commandment of the Lord.
　　
　　Titus 1:12 and a native prophet of the Crete said... You should reprove them severely.
　　
　　On the eve of the end of the world, there are still prophets:
　　
　　Rev 11:10 for these two prophets tormented those who dwelt on the earth.
　　
　　Acts records many prophets:
　　
　　And certain prophets came down from Jerusalem to Antioch. Through the Holy Spirit, it is indicated that there will be a great famine in the world.
　　
　　Acts 21:10 and 11 and a prophet named Agabus took Paul's girdle and bound his hands and feet, saying, the Holy Spirit says, the Jews will thus bind the master of this girdle.
　　
　　Acts 13:1 there were prophets and teachers in the Church of Antioch.
　　
　　Acts 15:32 Judah and Silas were also prophets.
　　
　　There is no revelation after the Bible. According to old John in the book of revelation, this book can not be added or deleted. However, he meant that the revelation he wrote was afraid of being mistaken, not the whole Bible and the revelation of God. At that time, only the Old Testament was written, and the New Testament was not completely written (for example, 2 Peter was written after the book of revelation), and there were no books. Moreover, there were more than 40 Gospels at that time, such as the gospel of Peter and various letters. The new covenant was set by the Godfathers of future generations.
　　
　　If old John's "can't be added or deleted" refers to the Old Testament 39 and the New Testament 27, then as an apostle, he would tell people at that time that the New Testament 27 is the original, so that the gospel is pure and the Apocrypha is not valued, and it is not necessary to let the godfather of future generations finalize it.
　　
　　The content of Mark's blessing after the resurrection of Jesus and the content of John's gospel about the question of the adulteress to the LORD were added by Jerome in A.D. 400.
　　
　　God has dreams, visions and revelations at the end of the day:
　　
　　Er 2:28 and after that, your old men will have visions, and your young men will see visions; and in those days I will pour my spirit on my servants and maidens.
　　
　　John 16:12 I have many things to tell you, but you cannot bear them now. But when the spirit of truth comes, he will lead you to understand all truth.
　　
　　There are prophets:
　　
　　Num 12:6 And if there be a prophet among you, I the Lord will appear to him in a vision and speak with him in a dream.
　　
　　There are Christians who believe in the true and living God, and at the same time let God become a mute God for 2000 years, and always be a mute God. This is ridiculous.
　　
　　According to ge Yimin's vision, we recognize Ge Yimin as the prophet of the country. Amen!
　　
　　
　　
　　4. Confucian civilization has developed alone for 10000 years, and there is no Internet
　　
　　
　　
　　There is no independent and scientific spirit in the hierarchy of monarchs and ministers and the rule of man.
　　
　　The king, the minister, the father, the son and the son are obedient and have no independent spirit.
　　
　　Now, following the Christian civilization, you can only eat ashes.
　　
　　The same is true of other civilizations.
　　
　　Buddhist civilization, empty color, is even more so. No electricity, no Internet, no modern democracy.
　　
　　Modern conveniences, politics, economy, science and technology, culture and entertainment, all originate from Christian civilization.
　　
　　Which modern product is not European or American.
　　
　　For example, we are using computers, mobile phones and the Internet.
　　
　　Other civilizations have developed for 10000 years without these things.
　　
　　There was no difference between the Qing Dynasty and the Qin Dynasty, except that the West knocked on the door.
　　
　　I've brought Mr. de and miss Sai.
　　
　　
　　
　　5. Because Christianity believes that God created the world, there must be reasons and laws for his creation
　　
　　
　　
　　Finding this law is modern science. Everyone has one father (God) and all are brothers, so there is equality and democracy.
　　
　　This is his democratic science gene.
　　
　　Other civilizations do not.
　　
　　Now, thanks to the Internet, almost everyone in the world has been injected with the gene of democratic science and is on the same track. Therefore, the Communist society will come soon.
　　
　　Everyone understands the truth. Just waiting for the famous gunpowder fuse, that is, Ge Yimin's doctrine, to be accepted by mankind, the new heaven and earth will explode.
　　
　　In the past, various religions developed independently. It is also a conflict that the Internet is unified.
　　
　　Everything we do is to improve the people's lives. Do you just cultivate yourself? What kind of road are you building? What for?
　　
　　Why do people hurt people? Material unevenness.
　　
　　The only revolutionary slogan of the Internet Era: material equality.
　　
　　Nowadays, industrial products can easily be produced to meet the basic needs of all people.
　　
　　In modern agriculture, one person can supply 100 people.
　　
　　Pollution is a waste of production due to competition and profit.
　　
　　For the people's needs, production can be harmonious.
　　
　　At present, it is very easy for the global productivity to meet the needs of the people. Communism is only waiting for the lead.
　　
　　Everything is empty, but it is real for the sake of improving the lives of all people in the world.
　　
　　6. Now the global productivity can realize communism
　　
　　
　　
　　Spirit, personal effort.
　　
　　Because capitalism competes for the relations of production, too much productive forces are wasted.
　　
　　Modern logistics, factories, such as communism, companies become redundant and wasteful.
　　
　　The business is deceiving each other, wasting productive forces, production relations and human and material resources.
　　
　　In the capitalist relations of production, 80% of the 100 factors of production distributed according to demand are consumed by each other, and only 20% of the production results are obtained.
　　
　　In the past, the failure of socialism was due to the lack of productive forces and the lack of human thinking.
　　
　　Today: social production and Internet revolution.
　　
　　The present productive forces have achieved common prosperity, not common poverty.
　　
　　
　　
　　7. No one is crazier than me. I think I am the creator, and I created the world and the universe. Is there anyone crazier than me?
　　
　　
　　
　　Yes, but still myself:
　　
　　〃〃God: Ge Yimin created the creator, the creator created God, and God created mankind.
　　
　　God is two levels lower than me, and man is three levels lower than me.
　　
　　This is what God himself said.
　　
　　Therefore, we are big, and the Lord is small.
　　
　　After all, it's better to believe in yourself.
　　
　　Put yourself in the position of God's second highest level, so as to maximize your potential.
　　
　　Nietzsche said that God is dead, Christians are the last man, and expect Superman.
　　
　　Nietzsche didn't believe in God, and finally went into art. He couldn't find a way out and went crazy.
　　
　　After 10 years of useless life, he died.
　　
　　What kind of big leader? When I think it's just my creation, it's a P.
　　
　　I want to build communism, not personal enjoyment.
　　
　　
　　
　　8. The post bar is in a dead circle -- you can only eat and drink, and thoughts are not allowed
　　
　　In recent years, the forums of portal websites have been closed successively: Sina, Sohu, Netease, Tengxun and Phoenix.
　　
　　263 haiyuntian has been closed for a long time. At that time, there were Tom, fm365, Yitang, etc. Students and young people. After that forum, they will continue to guide the country and the world. The dung and soil were the ten thousand families in that year.
　　
　　There are also full-time forum websites Tianya, Kaidi and maopu, which are also on the verge of death. Now Kaidi is in the process of rectification.
　　
　　The upper rectification post bar, the post bar rectifies the bar friends, the bar friends lose, and the popularity drops to 1 / 2;
　　
　　Not because your popularity has dropped, the top still continues to rectify the post bar, the post bar continues to rectify the bar friends, the bar friends continue to lose, and the popularity has dropped to 1 / 5;
　　
　　Not because your popularity has dropped again, the top still continues to rectify the post bar, the post bar continues to rectify the bar friends, the bar friends continue to lose, and the popularity drops to 1 / 10;
　　
　　。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。
　　
　　Soon, the post bar will be closed, or it can be hung in one breath.
　　
　　Don't you understand? You can only eat and drink, thinking is not allowed, and stability prevails.
　　
　　You have a mouth to eat. Who let you talk?
　　
　　Can't our Tiktok and micro vision funny videos meet your spiritual and cultural needs?
　　
　　
　　
　　9. There are four major religions in the world, including Shinto, Christianity, Islam and Buddhism.
　　
　　The believers of these four major religions define their leaders: Ge Yimin, Jesus, Muhammad, and Sakyamuni according to the leaders themselves. Let's take a look at how these four leaders define themselves.
　　
　　Ge Yimin said: Ge Yimin's God is two levels higher than God and three levels higher than human beings.
　　
　　Jesus said, "I am the only son of God. I am God. I am the truth.".
　　
　　Mohammad said, "I am the prophet of Allah. The archangel appeared to me and sent down the Koran.".
　　
　　Sakyamuni: I am an enlightened person. I have realized the reality of life.
　　
　　My analysis below is based on the fact that none of the four religious leaders have lied, and they all tell the truth.
　　
　　1. Different identities of the four religious Masters
　　
　　Ge Yimin created the creator, the creator created God, and God created mankind. Jesus is God's only son and God. Mohammad is the prophet of Allah, and Sakyamuni is a man. Four people, four completely different identities: one created God, one was God, one was a prophet, and one was a man.
　　
　　2. Different relations between the words of the four religious masters and the truth
　　
　　Ge Yimin created the truth. Jesus is the truth and the essence of truth. Muhammad was a messenger and was taught the truth. Sakyamuni realized the truth. Four people have four completely different relations with truth: one creates truth, one is the ontology of truth, one is the object or object of teaching truth, and the other is the subject of understanding truth.
　　
　　3. Reliability from the perspective of ontology, object and subject
　　
　　If the four major religions are consistent, do not contradict and do not conflict, then the world will be at peace. Because it is very reliable and believable for people with four different identities to declare from their different relations with the truth. But this is not the case!
　　
　　It can be said that the four major religions are completely inconsistent, contradictory, and conflicting. In such a situation, which one is reliable?
　　
　　I just want to look at this issue objectively.
　　
　　As long as GE Yimin tells the truth, he says he creates the truth, and he is the creator of the truth. In other words, what he said is the source of truth, the source of truth, the source of truth. Then his words are the most reliable.
　　
　　We assume that Jesus did not lie, but also told the truth. Jesus said he was the truth, and he was the truth. In other words, what he said is the truth, and there is no distance or error from the truth.
　　
　　Muhammad was a messenger and was taught the truth. That is to say, his truth was taught to him by the self proclaimed Archangel. We are assuming that Mohammed did not lie and was also telling the truth, but this assumption does not imply that the self proclaimed Archangel did not lie. From this point of view, is his story credible? is it? It all depends on what kind of identity was taught to him? Are you telling the truth?
　　
　　Sakyamuni realized the truth. That is to say, his truth comes from his personal realization, he is the subject of realization, and the truth is the identity of the object in his realization. A subject must understand and master the object, unless the subject is standing on a higher position than the object. For example, people can understand and master computers because they are superior to computers. But on the contrary, it is impossible for computers to understand and master people.
　　
　　Therefore, the premise that Sakyamuni can realize the truth is that Sakyamuni is superior to the truth. Only in this way can he realize the truth. Otherwise, what he comprehends cannot be the truth. If he comprehends a little or a part of the truth, he can only say that he is really a limited person. The truth has already existed. Sakyamuni has not clearly explained to the world what God created the truth and who the truth is.
　　
　　Therefore, the reliability of Buddhism can be attributed to whether Sakyamuni is superior to truth?
　　
　　Again: looking at the four major religions from the point of view that none of the four religious leaders have lied --
　　
　　Previously, I looked at the four major religions on the premise that none of the four religious leaders had lied, but someone asked why I could not change the premise? In general, if you want to prove that my premise is not true, you must at least give a counterexample to overturn my premise. However, I have not seen such a counter example, and I have no evidence to prove that they lie. From the current materials, I believe that none of the four religious leaders have lied.
　　
　　However, we may as well assume different premises to reflect.
　　
　　For Jesus, his moral character and his willingness to die for God convinced many people that he was not lying. Jesus' humility and selfless love, his wise association with the masses, and his astonishing self-control and composure when he was sold and crucified and subjected to great physical and emotional pressure all pointed out that he was in contact with reality, indicating that he could not be a liar.
　　
　　And he said to Muhammad, I am the prophet of Allah. The archangel appeared to me and sent down the Koran.
　　
　　If he lies, you will not be able to explain the origin of the Koran, because Muhammad was not educated and could not read or write. I think a self styled Archangel appeared to him and taught him to read and write. Otherwise, Mohammed would not be able to write the Koran. Therefore, Mohammed is unlikely to be lying
　　
　　To Sakyamuni, he said: I am an enlightened person, and I have realized the reality of life.
　　
　　What he said to him was not whether he had lied or not, but how far and how close he realized from the reality? It is meaningless for Sakyamuni to say that he did not lie. Moreover, judging from his motive of leaving home to seek truth, I don't think it is necessary for him to lie. According to the Buddhist scriptures, he is not the creator of the universal truth, let alone the truth. He is just looking for the truth.
　　
　　Ge Yimin: Baidu tieba big V certification: Ge Yimin: Internet thinker and activist, signed writer of Hong Kong four seasons publishing house. Male, born in 1969 in Zhenjiang, Jiangsu Province, China, graduated from the Chinese Department of Nanjing University. He published the modern prophetic book nerve and was rated as an amendment to the Bible. His ideas come from two sources: Christianity and communism. Nerves are his personal information, his thinking about reality and the future, and part of it is inspired by God.
　　
　　Baidu tieba big V certified thinker said he could not be a liar.
　　
　　10. Gotheism: bourgeois politician and proletarian leader
　　
　　Recently, US Secretary of state Pompeo was known to wash dishes at home and swipe the screen. Is this abnormal? Bourgeois politicians only serve as officials for wages, a job, and senior wage earners. After work, it's my own time. I don't work for the country anymore. How can the country provide cooks and waiters at home?
　　
　　The leader of the Korean proletariat, a revolutionist and a communist fighter, serves the people wholeheartedly. Japanese Li Wanji has 24-hour eyes on the DPRK and the world in mind. Of course, she can not waste the precious time worrying about national affairs to wash the dishes.
　　
　　It's not normal to think that people used to swipe screens and ride bicycles in the streets after former Japanese Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama retired? Bourgeois politicians serve only for their salaries, retire, and no longer have any power, just the common people.
　　
　　The leader of the Korean proletariat has fought for the cause of communism all his life. Although he has retired, he has served the people all his life and has never ceased fighting. With drivers, guards and secretaries, they are still serving the people!
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　11. Chinese people have been successfully domesticated into pigs by a certain party. They can only eat, drink and have fun. They are not interested in ideas and beliefs. To be exact, they have no ability to be interested. Looking at Internet forums, post bars, official account, microblogs and live videos, we can clearly see this. And this domestication is still continuing. Ideas and beliefs are banned. Chinese people can only eat, sleep and eat. Eating well is happiness. Chinese people only know money, There is no need for democracy and freedom.
　　
　　
　　
　　12. In modern times, only state officials are allowed to set fires, and ordinary people are not allowed to light lamps
　　
　　People's daily tweets and Facebook every day and shows off its popularity, but people are not allowed to tweet and Facebook. What a daily people's daily.
　　
　　
　　
　　13. Cracking down on government gambling fraud
　　
　　That is, the so-called sports lottery and lucky lottery, which takes advantage of the people's foolish self-confidence to plunder the people's fat and ointment, half of which belongs to the government and half to corrupt officials, resulting in many low-income people being forced to commit crimes and their families being destroyed.
　　
　　
　　
　　14. I, Ge Yimin, predict that a certain party will eventually deprive people of their right to urinate freely
　　
　　By pressing a timer on each person's JJ or BB, the National People's Congress legislates the people's urination law, which stipulates that urinating four times a day according to law is illegal urination, and a fine and detention are required. The establishment of "people's urination offices" at all levels from the central government to the local government has completely humiliated the people. The people are struggling every day to avoid excessive urination and have no time to consider freedom of speech and association.
　　
　　
　　
　　15. After 70 years of domestication, the Chinese no longer need democracy and freedom
　　
　　The Chinese people can only eat, drink and have fun now. They only have physical needs, not spiritual needs, not to mention spiritual needs. Democracy and freedom have become irrelevant and unnecessary. The only pursuit of life is to eat well, eat better and get better.
　　
　　Before the Qing Dynasty (1616 - 1911), there was no democracy and freedom. At the end of the Qing Dynasty (1616 - 1911), Mr. de and Ms. Sai were introduced to the West. A number of revolutionary people with lofty ideals, such as Sun Yat Sen, Huang Xing and Song Jiaoren, emerged. A number of democratic and free publications eventually ended the monarchy and moved toward the Republic.
　　
　　With the introduction of communism in the Republic of China, a number of revolutionary people with lofty ideals emerged, such as Chen Duxiu, Li Dazhao, Mao Zedong, Zhou Enlai, and so on. A number of Communist publications also emerged, ending the dictatorship of the Kuomintang and the founding of the Communist Party of China.
　　
　　After 49, the Communist Party of China summed up the reasons for the KMT's failure. It turned out that the autocracy was not complete. Sb Chiang Kai Shek even let the Xinhua Daily, which scolded him, be published publicly. Therefore, after 49, there were only party newspapers, Party magazines, Party radio and Party television stations at the central, provincial, municipal and county levels, and the ideological and public opinion fields were all run by the party.
　　
　　The party and state were overthrown and renamed the party and state leaders. The party still prevails over the state.
　　
　　At the beginning, there were still a large number of people who needed democracy and freedom. The party did not find it difficult. All of them were turned into rightists and counter revolutionaries, and some were sentenced to death. Those who scold Mao Zedong should be severely punished. They should be arrested, scolded again, and killed, such as Lin Zhao and Zhang Zhixin.
　　
　　Article 6 of the Public Security Bureau: "those who attack and slander the great leader Chairman Mao and his close comrade in arms vice chairman Lin are all current counter revolutionary acts and should be punished according to law.". According to this article, both Chairman Mao and vice chairman Lin are current counter revolutionaries and should be punished according to law, because in the end, vice chairman Lin attacked and slandered Chairman Mao, the great leader, and Chairman Mao attacked and slandered his close comrade in arms, vice chairman Lin. which public security personnel went to Zhongnanhai to arrest Chairman Mao?
　　
　　There were many great thinkers in the Republic of China, such as Lu Xun and Hu Shi. After 1949, there were only some in the early period. They were also trained by the Republic of China. When I went to university in 1986, literature was Lu Guo Mao Ba Lao Cao. Is there anyone who can surpass them now? Nowadays, literature websites are all based on fantasy, fantasy, martial arts, and immortals. Is this the purpose of literature? This can only make readers happy for a while, and can not transform society.
　　
　　64 was China's last attempt at democracy and freedom, and 59 tank completely extinguished China's democracy and freedom. After that, college students only find a good job. The overseas democratic movement has failed in 30 years. It is not that there is no mass foundation, but that there is no mass foundation at all.
　　
　　The Constitution provides for freedom of association, but whatever party you establish is called an illegal party. Mao Zedong once told the Kuomintang that a party is nothing more than a small group. Now the government wants the people to love the party. Will the American people really love the Republican Party or the Democratic Party? Why did the Communists not love the Kuomintang during the Republic of China?
　　
　　Today, the Chinese people do not know what democracy and freedom are. Eating well means happiness. What they strive to do every day is to eat better and better. The only voice is when the food is going to be bad. In case of unfair demolition, the local chemical industry park and large garbage station will be built, and the veterans will improve their treatment.
　　
　　When a pig wakes up and wants to be a man, other pigs do not agree to report you. For example, Ge Yimin's official website has been reported for a long time. The previous hat was counter revolutionary. After changing it, I'm sorry to use it. I changed it to a cult. When the report is invalid, the pigs still feel incredible: baidu searches for "Ge Yimin" (now blocked, it is necessary to add words, such as "Ge Yimin God"), relevant searches for "Ge Yimin is not under the police's control", "why Ge Yimin is not arrested", which has been the case for more than ten years. The post bar Youdao FengChuan, etc., has not blocked all Ge flowers by Baidu, and has been unable to understand for several years. It is suggested to kill Ge cults in prison.
　　
　　Democracy and freedom, we do not know, we do not want to know, we are not interested in, we do not need.
　　
　　We should not only eat enough, but also eat well, eat better and better.
　　
　　
　　
　　16. The Chinese people have no concept of right and wrong. Whoever is on the stage is the truth
　　
　　When Comrade Mao Zedong was in office, the people shouted "long live, red sun". When he died, everyone cried and swore to inherit his will. But less than a month later, the people celebrated happily that his wife had been smashed.
　　
　　When Comrade Lin Biao was in office, the people shouted: "close comrades in arms and successors, always healthy, but once they fell to death, the people wiped out the word" Lin Biao "on his inscription in Xiaohong book one after another. Hurry up.".
　　
　　During the cultural revolution, Comrade Deng Xiaoping wrote a letter to Mao Zedong asking for the assignment of routine work (he did not think that the fitter in the tractor factory was his job), saying that my reputation had become bad, and it was impossible to be a leader, and the people would not accept it. (I, Ge Yimin, also recited a batch of Deng Xiaoshi at the primary school meeting.) However, as soon as he came back, the people supported his reform and opening up, and chairman Deng made a loud noise.
　　
　　When Comrade Hua Guofeng was in office, the people shouted at the wise leader and hung two statues (Mao and Hua) at home. Standing aside, the people do not feel that it is wrong, and they will not cry out for wise leaders.
　　
　　When Comrade Hu Yaobang was in office, Party committees and branches at all levels studied the documents, and General Secretary Hu shouted loudly.
　　
　　Comrade Zhao Ziyang was in office. Party committees and Party branches at all levels studied the documents. General Secretary Zhao's voice was loud and simple, and he changed his surname.
　　
　　When Comrade Jiang Zemin was in office, Party committees and Party branches at all levels studied the documents, and General Secretary Jiang's voice was loud and simple. Let's change our surname.
　　
　　When Comrade Hu Jintao was in office, Party committees and Party branches at all levels studied the documents. General Secretary Hu shouted, "the mountain is loud and simple. Please change your surname.". (PS, it seems to have been replaced again.)
　　
　　
　　Comrade, if you think that GE Yimin is condemning the people, you are wrong.
　　
　　When Comrade Liu Shaoqi stepped down, an actor in Shanghai said on a private occasion: "Liu Shaoqi is a good man, and he was wronged. ＾
　　
　　As a result, he was reported and executed. Another actor on the scene was brutally persecuted because he did not report.
　　
　　17. Comrades misunderstood Comrade Xiaoping's idea of "getting rich first and then getting rich"
　　
　　For example, in 49, everyone was 1000 yuan, and in 79, they were still 1000 yuan. They were poor for 30 years.
　　
　　After taking office, Comrade Xiaoping put forward: "let some people become rich first, and let them become rich first and bring them back to common prosperity."
　　
　　Two years later, some people became rich first, reaching 10000 yuan, while most people were still poor at 1000 yuan.
　　
　　Rich first and rich later (in essence, it is a good policy of the party):
　　
　　Twenty years later, the first to become rich will be 100 million yuan. Most people will no longer be poor by 1000 yuan, but will reach 10000 yuan. When they become rich, they will become rich together.
　　
　　You said that this is not common prosperity. If we want to be equally rich, it is a million yuan to be rich first and then rich later. How is that possible? Nor can capitalism.
　　
　　You said that you don't want to be rich later, but want to be rich first. You can only blame your ancestors for not joining the old eighth road of the old Red Army.
　　
　　18. Our Comrade Deng Pufang's JB can't be a woman
　　
　　But it can take days
　　
　　Because he is the JB of the Zhao family, Zhao Ritan for short
　　
　　Japanese women have refractory period, Japanese women do not
　　
　　For 40 years
　　
　　Sunrise: 1 trillion
　　
　　Do you mean that women are comfortable in the day, or are they comfortable in the day?
　　
　　Therefore, Ge Yimin's God said: the little day is a woman, and the big day is a heaven.
　　19、 Ge theological socialism is feudal society
　　Recently, Emperor Sun Gaolu drove into the Forbidden City and was swiped by the people on Weibo. What is the relationship between the Forbidden City and you? The Forbidden City was formerly the emperor, but now it is the new emperor (collective emperor composed of the old Red Army and the old eight road). You've messed up the paint on your floor. Has anyone interfered with you?
　　Socialism is a feudal society. I, Ge Yimin, understood it as early as 1989 and talked with classmate Zheng Renxiang. She said that many people said so. As the emperor Jin San next door, many people have understood that most socialist countries, including the elder brother Soviet Union, have evolved into a capitalist society because others have understood it.
　　Emperor Sun Gao Lu gave you a bite to eat. You are not grateful to Dade, but you are trying to get her to drink three glasses of wine?
　　In this case, it can be seen that any three generations of Red have hundreds of millions of assets, and how many people, only for hundreds of thousands of debts, have been forced to commit suicide. It is even more obvious that the old Red Army and the Old Eighth Route exploit the people no less than the landlord capitalists.
　　The whole world can tweet on Facebook, but only you and your North Korean brothers ca n¨t get on, do n¨t you understand? It ¨s all because you ¨re enlightened and the emperors of the Old Red Army and the Eighth Route Army cannot be considered.
　　The whole world has entered the bright sunshine of capitalism, and only you and your North Korean brother are still in a dark feudal society.
　　You say, in this case, you want capitalism's freedom, equality, and democracy, then you work with my God Ge, and strive to let your grandson see this day.
　　
　　20、 Tribute to the great fellow
　　A new pneumonia epidemic occurred in Wuhan, China in December 2019, and an outbreak in January 2020, affecting everyone in the country.
　　In the past few days, I have been refreshing Weibo. I have been touched many times by frontline medical staff. I am touched that love is still in China, love is still in the world, and even moved by every compatriot. I am so proud and proud of my good fellows!
　　The Chinese are really hard-working and kind. Because of my work, I understand the working conditions of Cambodians, Vietnam, and Libyan people. The Chinese are the hardest-working people in the world. There is no reason to not bless China.
　　I like the Party and the government's timely and effective measures. The government has not delayed and cannot retroactively follow up. The government must take corresponding measures based on the actual real-time epidemic situation. It can only be said that the cold processing strategy for unknown viruses is wrong. The virus is not a person, it is not from the media, and it cannot disappear. The lay police summoned the lay doctor to determine that the medical professional had a rumor. Just like the layman summoned the thinker, the police did not understand the thinker's article, but would yell: "The Internet is not a place outside the law." The rule of man cannot be eliminated, and the disaster will not end.
　　I know that the epidemic will not end until about May 1, when it is hot, such as SARS 17 years ago. There are still more than three months. I would like to control the epidemic situation as much as possible. Frontline medical staff, you are the heroes of this era. You must protect yourself as much as possible to save more compatriots. The people across the country are taking action to provide logistics for frontline medical staff and fight this war together.
　　Such a large epidemic is like a war. There are always sacrifices. We pay tribute to the people of Wuhan and Hubei. Thank you for the sacrifices you made. I love you and I love every fellow! The state is requested to ensure the supply of materials in the affected areas.
　　God bless China! !! !!
　　Ge Yimin! !! !! !! !! !!
　　
　　(21) A live broadcast of collective participation by people all over the world
　　After a few days of tears, I have a hunch today (20200128), not game, not conspiracy theory (regardless of pros and cons), but acting (a live broadcast of collective participation by people all over the world). Countless times I want to have great miracles, everyone in the world gets the message: "I am Ge Yimin, you are healthy", and then everyone in the world is completely healthy!
　　
　　(22), The Adventures of Ge Yimin God Police Station
　　On a certain day in November 2019, the local police station summoned Ge Shen. I did n¨t take it seriously. The old guerrillas were thinking that the police had to use my website again. I opened the door and talked about dissatisfaction with Comrade Deng Pufang's hard work and getting rich. I think Comrade Deng Pufang was previously written by Zhao Ritian. This article should be read by the police. Of course, I know that the main reason for the summoning is the training of pigs. The police think that it is normal for people to make profits for their children. The police always said "Ge Yimin blog", I have too much space on the website, and it took me a long time to realize that it refers to my blog posted on the WordPress official website. The instructor introduced himself and said that I graduated from Nanjing University and I am a cultural person.
　　The place where the video was recorded was the interrogation room. The walls were covered with a thick layer of rubber. Sitting on the square chair, there are tools, of course I did not go. The police sat opposite, with a computer on the table, typing and recording while asking and recording. Of course I am generous. I admit that China's economic development, but the gap between rich and poor is too large, I am a communist. The police said that you are for someone poorer than you. The Communist Party is fighting for the world for the poor and gaining power. Now the Communist Party no longer fights for the poor, only to protect and improve their own interests that are richer than the people. Now it is my turn to God Ge Yimin to fight for the poor.
　　Q. Do I still write? When I wrote, the police said in surprise, "Will I still write?", I said that writing normal articles is no longer sensitive. The police usually said that the Internet is not an extrajudicial place.
　　After recording the video, let me write something and confess to the party and government. Unlike Comrade Li Wenliang, he signed the admonishment book. I wrote "a little bit of my thoughts" on white paper. It was naturally divided into three paragraphs. One paragraph praised the economic achievements of the party and the government. I might have mistaken the person, I went back and deleted it, and promised not to write similar sensitivity again.
　　The police showed them to the instructor, and in return they all praised me for their level, and the three sections were good, and some people did not write or segment. I thought it was over, but another chunky man in casual clothes said to go through the formalities.
　　The chunky man first took a picture of me, standing by the wall with elevations, both sides of the front and back, and took 4 pictures with the camera.
　　Then I collected the palm prints of my hands, both palms and each finger, and repeatedly pressed and collected on an electronic screen, tossing for a long time.
　　Then I signed the fingerprints on several sheets of paper. I actually saw the words "criminal facts" written on the paper, in the format of the police.
　　In addition, let me copy the phone number of 10 people in the phone address book.
　　I think it's over. I wiped my hands with paper towels. The fat dwarf asked me to wash my hands. I said no, and he said there are still procedures.
　　I washed my hands and came back. The chunky man, like the nurse, took out the blood from Dongdong. I knew that it was collecting the DNA of God. Immediately realized that Ge Yimin's holy family could not be criminalized. Ge Shen's DNA entered the public security big data.
　　I know that I ca n¨t resist, because the result of rebelling against the ＾summoning￣ package is the next three packages of ＾detention￣, ＾jail￣, and ＾kill￣. Comrade Li Wenliang also knows that, so he signed ＾can￣ ,"understand".
　　
　　(Twenty-three), summoned four sets of detention jail shot, life can not bear the weight
　　
　　At 8pm on April 14, 2020, I was surfing the Internet at home, my wife and children were at home, and suddenly there were 4 policemen. There was a young man in a police uniform, like a policeman. Like a bandit, one was still wearing sunglasses and the other was holding a law enforcement instrument and kept shooting at me.
　　I said that Li Wenliang was just named a martyr, and you are here again. The police wanted to take away my computer host. I asked, "Is there any documents?" The young police officer took out a stamped blank search warrant and said it could be filled in now. I said it was unnecessary. I also want to go by myself. The family of three is at home, facing four policemen (three of which are "bandits" :), what can I do? ---- Go with them.
　　Get on the police car, confess to sitting in the middle, take the law enforcement instrument to sit on my right, and have been photographing. When he arrived at the police station, the police said he didn't need to take a picture, so he stopped.
　　The grassroots police at the police station can interrogate thinkers. I said I did n¨t commit a crime again. Police A said that I did n¨t commit the crime of speech. Did I say that the criminal law had a crime of inappropriate speech? Police A said that there were laws and regulations. Said the difference between confession and post-examination.
　　Police A reminded me of the Pinchou Forum, and said that I had three mouthfuls and green onions. I heard this for the first time and denied posting a post on it. Police A said that we would not ask you twice for one thing. Think about what you have posted since last time? I know that the Internet police will read my post and think about it. Only two messages on Twitter are ＾inappropriate￣.
　　That is to say, China and North Korea cannot go on Twitter to Facebook's tubing and Xi Jinping's personal worship.
　　I asked what software to turn over the wall, I said that Miwutong; who gave it? Post Bar friends; name? He has many net names, often change, I did not say, and I really can not tell which ID he corresponds to, he registered to buy number N ID post it ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　The police asked me to tweet Facebook and WeChat QQ account and password. I used the real name to access the Internet, and I was honest. Although I knew that the police had infringed, I still gave it, but I had many passwords. I recorded them on my computer and notebook, and some of my memories were inaccurate.
　　I said that I am a communist, only one idea, all the poor have a better life. Police B said it was impossible.
　　Police A asked someone who contacted me, such as giving me money, and said that it may not be important to you, but it is important to us. But my God Ge Yimin has been on the Internet for 20 years since 2001 and has always been fighting alone.
　　Police A said: "A spark can start a prairie fire." You can start a prairie fire. It turned out that it was not these two tweets that called me. There are thousands of people who said similar things on the Internet. The government is afraid of Ge Yiminism.
　　Police A said that you should n¨t just confess your opinions here, but let me talk about your point of view, but I ¨ll talk about my thoughts, do you understand? Xiu Cai met the soldiers, and it was unclear. Everyone imagines that if Lu Xun is interrogated by the Kuomintang reactionaries, what can he say? What can Jesus do in the face of the soldiers' ridicule, whipping, and insult? --- Go to the cross.
　　There is something big, for example, Mr. Zhao called, asked what attitude, and said Nanjing's opinion. I saw a list of police A words, "4.15" National Security Day or something.
　　To write a book of regret, I wrote 64 students, a long-term prejudice against the party and government, although acknowledging the government's economic achievements. The heart is knotted. No longer involved in politics, turning to the direction of cultural literature. After the police watched, police B took the small camera and asked me to read it again to record the video.
　　At the end of the trial, I came out to the waiting room. I saw that there were 4 confinement rooms in half of the room. Let me go in and wait for the meeting. I asked the police how long it would take for 20 minutes. A casual man said that people should not talk about politics. Are you worthy of politics? Meaning politics: "What do meat-eaters seek, and why?" This is a temporary worker doing dirty work. If I said at the time: "Do you think I am not as good as Xi Jinping?" It is estimated that he will jump up and hit me. I said go to the toilet, he said you go, come back, I asked to lock it? If he can't say it, I went in and sat for a while.
　　Deduct the computer host and mobile phone and write 30 days on the deduction form, saying that the mobile phone should be available to me tomorrow. Police A drove me home, and I saw my wife and children coming to see me at the door.
　　On the afternoon of the second day after work, I went to retrieve my computer and mobile phone.
　　On the afternoon of the third day, police officer A let go, there was a casual dress that didn't know whether the branch or the city bureau, came to take a few pieces of my materials, and reported to Nanjing or something.
　　Then let the fingerprint and blood samples be collected, and the casual clothes collected asked what crimes to write? Police A thought for a while and said that he made up false information and disturbed the social order.
　　This time I collected the mobile phone card, that is, I took down the mobile phone card in my little apple, put it into an instrument, and collected the information into the computer.
　　Knowing that the police violated your human rights, you are powerless and summoned to detain four sets of jail shots in jail.
　　I cannot go to the cross like my second brother, Jesus, because I have a wife and children; nor can I exile like my third brother Sisi, because I love China, and I want to change her. ; I can't really go crazy like my fourth brother Caicai, and live a useless time.
　　My God of God Ge Yi can only turn to the cultural direction, continue to write my ＾wordofgod￣s, to be a peach blossom source, I do not know that there is a Han, regardless of Wei Jin.
　　
　　(24) Someone posing as Ge Shen Chong Tower
　　
　　(Pin Onion) Ge Yimin Administrator ban will be deleted in 2020-04-25
　　Reasons for ban: Xi Ban 11 [Autonomous requirements for deletion of numbers] The user proactively submits a cancellation request to the administrator
　　Administrator processing (login prohibited + hide all statements): Xi Ban 11 [Autonomous requirements for deletion of numbers] The user made a log-out request to the administrator, "Are you an administrator of this site? The account I use is because he himself was Drinking tea has posted my personal information on his Twitter. If you continue to use this, there will be a risk of exposure. Can you help me cancel this account? The one that does not leave the name.
　　(Pincong) Entrusted to handle pin number processing.
　　〃 Fake Ge Yimin: I am 51 years old and I am working in China, preparing to emigrate in the next year. He is famous in China, but because of saying that Xi Jinping's one or two sentences are not good, he has been banned in China. Recently, the domestic pink reported that there was no information left, so the anger came to taste the green and feel the air of free speech. I have experienced the events of 8964, and my blog has records.
　　"" (Fake Ge Yimin issued a post and felt that he had supplied fake goods and deleted it himself.)
　　------- I came into contact with a branch of the vulgar department, met the creators Yang Fan and Ge Yimin, and started to go to YouTube and Twitter.
　　
　　(25), Baidu mobile phone post bar, add "Shen Susier" after the ID "Ge Yimin", I have seen it myself, some friends are strange, but unfortunately did not save the picture.
　　
　　(26), At first they sheltered Li Gang¨s son, but I did not speak because I was not Chen Xiaofeng¨s family;
　　Then they sheltered the murderer of Qian Yunhui. I did not speak because I am not a member of Qian Yunhui¨s family;
　　This time they sheltered Yao Jia Xin again. I think I must speak, even though I am not Zhang Miao¨s family.
　　Because, I don't want to see them come to my family in the end, but no one can speak for me anymore.
　　Those who speak from the perspective of the abolition of the death penalty, please shut up, because we have the death penalty.
　　From the perspective of the current law, the death penalty must be executed immediately if the malicious intentional murder and the other party is innocent.
　　From Zhang Miao's perspective, how innocent and helpless she was at the time, her body aches, and her spirit was terrified. What she was thinking at the time was absolutely nothing.
　　Forgiveness and compensation, but there is only one thought-severe punishment (netizens can think about it), we must implement Zhang Miao's will.
　　It is one thing to count surrender, but surrender is not absolutely free from death, if I kill your family, then surrender again, avoid death?
　　Now Yao Jiaxin¨s performance is just to survive, he is not instinctive, and his instinct is 8 knives of brutality at that time, and the bullshit media was bought.
　　Repeatedly pretend not to understand this to mislead the people. You didn¨t give the innocent Zhang Miaosheng a chance, why did we
　　Now give you a chance to give birth to this demon? We must curb the cruelty of pharmacists Xin.
　　Is the person who owns the piano since childhood and the university owns the car poor? This is maliciously misled by the bullshit media, Yaojia Xinjiajing
　　Really, the vehicle you drive is a private car. His mother is an employee of Xi¨an North Huashan Machinery Co., Ltd.
　　The company is a military factory under China North Industries, whose mother is a treasurer of the material company of the factory), and his father Yao Qingwei is the general manager.
　　Later, the military representative of the Xi¨an Military Representative Bureau stationed in the factory (the person assigned by the military to supervise and inspect the work of military industrial enterprises), military personnel
　　Part, regiment level position, deputy division level salary, He lives in the military representative building of the 20th neighborhood of Xincheng District (the affiliated hospital of Huashan Factory).
　　Killing is a piano action? The peasant¨s killing is a sickle action, the worker¨s killing is a hammer action, and the soldier¨s shooting is just
　　I'm right, shooting a target. This is maliciously misled by the bullshit experts who were bought;
　　Popular opinion of 400 college students? Neighbors intercede? This is the sinful chorus of bullshit courts, bullshit 400 college students, and bullshit neighbors. Look at public opinion and on the Internet, because one person can buy 400 people, but he can never buy 400 million people.
　　Killing passionately, only when both sides are at fault, such as fighting, can you be relieved. Zhang Miao is not at fault in this case. This passionate killing is very harmful.
　　Yu pre-murder. Premeditated murder, such as vendetta murder, if you don¨t get revenge or mess with the relationship between men and women, you can be safe. Judging from this case,
　　This passion kills, and we all endanger ourselves.
　　To protect Yaojiaxin is to encourage the Yaojiaxins around you. The next unlucky one may be you and me, your children, and the death knell is
　　Who is it? The death knell sounds for you.
　　One of the ten commandments of Christianity: Don't kill. There is no explanation, because it goes without saying. The reporter asked Yao Jiaxin if he was afraid of paying his life
　　? I have already assumed that today there is no morality and no conscience. I don¨t kill people just because they have to pay compensation and go to jail to pay for their lives.
　　From your own perspective, don¨t think of others, humanity, or human nature.
　　If this continues, and the Japanese devils come again, China will end.
　　Can mobilize shit court shit media shit expert shit 400 college students shit neighbor¨s sin chorus, how much money is this
　　Peace and power, and the transfer itself has proved that this money and power is sinful.
　　A warning to the devil and devil, humans do not live for food, just like pigs, humans have more important justice and justice.
　　Heart and soul, we are not only in this life.
　　Dear brothers and sisters, unite and give Zhang Miao justice, not for Zhang Miao, but for ourselves! Ten million
　　Don't forget the social impact of the Nanjing Mrs. Xu incident.
　　
　　(27) This article reveals the essence of Xiaogang Village
　　a. In the collective economy, I am unwilling to work for everyone (including myself), and would rather go hungry and beg for food;
　　b. After the whole package is dry, do it for yourself, and be willing to work hard to eat immediately and have a surplus.
　　People or those people
　　The ground is still the same
　　The means of production have not changed
　　It has nothing to do with God
　　There is only one difference: for oneself alone, to make great efforts; for the collective (including oneself), then to work hard
　　Even if you starve to death, you don¨t contribute much to the collective so you can eat and live.
　　I think everyone sees the essence
　　In the words of Secretary Xiaogang！people are not for themselves, and heaven will die.
　　In fact, they have surpassed！！！！-If people are good for people, heaven will die.
　　Communism can only look forward to a major renewal of the human mind.
　　
　　(28), Yahoo Mail found two letters when I first went online
　　
　　1. Mr. Zhuang Shixian: Hello!
　　How many years have passed since the creation of God, there is no record in the Bible, and Christians have different opinions, some say 100 million years, some say 50 or 60 million
　　Years, it is also said that millions of years, even 1.5 million years, Saint-Jerme does not know that modern science believes that the universe is 15 billion years old.
　　Arabs and Jews share the same ancestors, namely Abraham, his wife¨s son is named Isaac, his concubine¨s son is named Ishmael, and
　　The name of Zada¨s son Esau (the ancestors of the Edomites, the Edomites were once enemies with the Israelites and are now perished.), the younger son Jacob (again
　　Called Israel, the ancestor of the Israeli "Jews".
　　The Arabs think they are descendants of Ismali.
　　So Allah of Islam is the Jehovah God of Christianity (originating from Judaism), but Muslims do not recognize it.
　　Jesus is the Son of God and recognizes him as the Great Prophet.
　　You are welcome to come to my tribe and forum, so that more people will participate in our discussion and you will hear more voices.
　　You can also start a tribe in yahoo, I will visit frequently.
　　Saint jeme
　　2. The text of cherry:
　　Greet the Lord!
　　Brothers and sisters, please pray for the "faith, hope, and love" of the Lord.
　　Thank the mighty Lord-Jesus Christ
　　Wenzhou Boy Chen Li
　　"Brother Chen Li, hello!
　　Your "faith, hope, love" is a website, right? There is a website with the same name in Taiwan. I will pray for you.
　　The reason why we believe in God is because He is the only explanation for the existence of the universe and mankind.
　　It is Allah, or Buddha, God, etc.
　　Is there no opposition to matter (including antimatter, which is composed of elementary particles and fields)?
　　Man can think, it is the soul (that is, angry) given by God, because we are his sons. This is a difference between animals.
　　I am even more convinced that there is only one God, the Creator, whose name is Jehovah. He is a spirit, and the spirit body is more than us humans.
　　For higher creatures. Jesus is his son, a creature he created directly, other spirits and all things in the universe are
　　God created it through Jesus. An ancient theologian believed that God used Logos as an intermediary to create everything. Holy Spirit is up
　　Emperor¨s power.
　　The material civilization of modern society has developed tremendously, but spiritual life has become increasingly vulgar, so the gospel is even more important.
　　The gospel is the good news about Jesus Christ, that he is the Son of God. He died to achieve the purpose of atonement for our sins.
　　Resurrection from the dead, thus defeating death.
　　We look forward to someday in the future He will come again with the glory of victory.
　　Your friend
　　Saint jeme
　　
　　(Twenty-nine), What is the function of prayer?
　　In the 2020 U.S. election, tens of millions of Christians around the world prayed for Trump, and tens of millions of other Christians prayed for Biden. Most of them kept praying, even fasting and praying. But only one party can be elected, which means that God will not listen to the prayers of tens of millions of Christians. Then, what is the function of prayer for this party of tens of millions of Christians?
　　There was a Christian who said that Trump was infected with the new crown. He prayed for a long time, and then Trump recovered, as if Trump's recovery was the result of his prayers. So the question is, he only prays for Trump and does not pray for hundreds of thousands of people in the world. What is he? If he also prays for hundreds of thousands of people in the world, God will only listen to his prayers to Trump, and he will not pray. Listening to his prayers to hundreds of thousands of people in the world, what is God?
　　In short, what is the function of prayer?
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣ 11 77. God will not answer any prayer. The function of prayer is to maintain contact with God. To put it bluntly, you still believe in the existence of God.
　　
　　(30) Why are older migrant workers unwilling to marry the daughter of the central leadership?
　　The author often contacted migrant workers due to engineering reasons and discovered a peculiar phenomenon. All older migrant workers would rather be single than marry the daughter of the central leadership. The daughter of the central leadership has a high political status, possesses a certain amount of property, and looks generally above average. The author tried to understand that all the migrant workers smiled: How can they look at us. Idiot, you are the master of the country, and the central leader is your servant. Isn't the highest pursuit of all servants' daughters to marry the master?
　　
　　(31) Three great pleasures in old age
　　Official kills official,
　　The stock market fell sharply,
　　The TV shows mourning and joy.
　　
　　(32) GeYiMin: Jesus Christ is a big cock
　　Born in a poor family: father is a carpenter, mother is unemployed, a small town in the countryside of Nazareth.
　　Did not go to school.
　　Bottom job before 30: carpenter.
　　An unemployed vagrant aged between 30 and 33, of the nature of a triad, was arrested by the government, and Peter Ma used a knife to cut off his opponent's ears and attacked the police.
　　She does not go to work, and she relies on women to help her, and she eats soft meals.
　　There is no property, not even a place for pillows.
　　Qiu Fu, knocked down the money merchant desk.
　　Looks aging, 33 years old, looks 50 years old.
　　Bachelor for life, no children.
　　The second generation of ancestors were prostitutes: his Mars, Rahab.
　　Early death: 33 years old.
　　Humiliating death: executed as a condemned criminal.
　　Jesus Christ is such a big dick. Dear dicks, your situation is not too miserable, so live your life.
　　This is the life our Lord lives. I hope that each of us will cherish life and work hard for a lifetime.
　　
　　(33) Buddhism and Christianity have one thing in common
　　Buddhism allows you to believe in the Buddha. If it fails, Buddhism will say: "Buddha has a destiny."
　　Christianity makes you believe in Jesus. Jesus said: "You can't, because you don't ask." If it fails, Jesus' next sentence is waiting for you: "You can't ask for it, it's you who ask for it."
　　I, GeYiMin, pray to the Lord for everyone in the world to be healthy, how can I ask for it?
　　
　　(34) The party leads everything. In the past, the emperor led everything. That is, the party or the emperor simultaneously obtained executive power, legislative power, and judicial power. The people must have no freedom. For example, you have no freedom to oppose the party or the emperor. If you oppose the party or the emperor, the party or the emperor¨s executive power will suppress you. Since the legislative power and the judicial power are in his hands at the same time, the legislative power and the judicial power will not only protect you against the freedom of the party or the emperor, but will also help him. The executive power suppresses you.
　　The separation of powers in the United States is different. The people have the right to freedom. For example, the people have the right to freedom to oppose Biden and the Democratic Party. If the executive power of Biden and the Democratic Party suppresses you, since the legislative power and judicial power are not in his hands, the legislative power and judicial power will not help him suppress you, but will impeach him according to the constitution, let him step down and lose the executive power. So as to protect your freedom to oppose him.
　　In the 1940s, Comrade Mao Zedong said: "A party is nothing but an organization."
　　In 1989, when GeYiMin was studying at university, I was surprised to see Comrade Deng Xiaoping's "Separation of Powers, a Discretion of Sand" on the school blackboard.
　　
　　(35) The most indifferent and selfish Chinese people in history
　　Nowadays, the Chinese people are the people with the lowest morals. Compared with the Cultural Revolution, they have reached the stage of mutual killing, that is, the bottom line of human morality, such as the case of Yaojiaxin and the case of toxic food. Producing fake eggs, not to mention Europeans and Americans, even Africans feel incredible. For your own money, killing other people¨s lives is not only not considered a crime, nor is it considered immoral, but as it should be, the real people are not for themselves, and the heavens are destroyed.
　　What happened to the Chinese people? Walking on the street, looking at each other as if they were enemies and defensive, without the feeling of brothers and sisters meeting, the Nanjing Pengyu case lifted this low-level veil. On one side are the servants: "I drink Maotai for the motherland", on the other side there are ten million poor mothers (the so-called masters) crying.
　　A Chinese people who didn't dare to shout when they saw thieves on the street yelled and wiped out Little Japan on the Internet; a Chinese people who was so indifferent to their living compatriots but yelled on a compatriot who never forgot the death.
　　What happened to the Chinese people? During the Cultural Revolution, some people in some areas suffered tragedies. The Chinese people in general were still harmonious. Before the Cultural Revolution, they cared for each other. 49 years ago, they abide by the basic human ethics. From then on to the opening of the world of Pangu, the Chinese people are loving.
　　What happened to the Chinese people? It is caused by the global climate and the domestic microclimate. The international climate, the economy determines everything, how much money a person has, what kind of person he is. In the domestic microclimate, the government and the people are opposed to each other.
　　What will the Chinese people do? Belief must be rebuilt, Christian lover as yourself, in any case, it is impossible to do, GeYiMin¨s teaching must not be against anyone, because we are brothers and sisters, everyone does not need to guard against anyone, how high life experience will be.
　　
　　36. Can Communist Party members withstand the torture of the Kuomintang?
　　The same Communist Party member, the Red Army AB Regiment incident, began to arrest a few people, and they did not admit it. They all admitted at the first trial and beat them. They also confessed to more people. Then they arrested more people and didn't admit it at first. Similarly, One trial and one fight, all admitted. . . . In the end, 100,000 Red Army was killed. The CCP admitted that it was a wrongdoing. These 100,000 people are true Communists and the true Red Army. Mao Zedong said later, no, why do you want to admit it? Damn, it hurts too much.
　　
　　37, GeYiMin a patriotic thief
　　Just killing all the Chinese people will not have the slightest impact on mankind and human civilization. If you have to say the impact, it will be positive, without the locust-like food. You try to kill the Japanese? Any sacrifice of a Japanese is an immeasurable loss of mankind.
　　
　　38, GeYiMin is angry with a patriotic thief
　　I was delighted to hear about the magnitude 8.8 Wenchuan earthquake. I couldn't help but couldn't sleep at night. I got a poem to celebrate.
　　This is a kingdom that does not believe in God,
　　Destined to be punished by God.
　　The gray-haired old man,
　　Go to hell,
　　Because you have rejected the gospel of God.
　　The inferior of babbling,
　　Go to hell,
　　Because your ancestors killed God¨s messengers.
　　Let the catastrophe come more violently,
　　Please shake out a kingdom of Christ.
　　
　　39, GeYiMin Three Qi Patriotic Thieves
　　Please limit the northern boundary of China to the south of the Great Wall, that is, the northern boundary of China's territory since ancient times, and the international community with the United States and Japan at its core, establish an independent and free Manchuria and the Republic of Southern Mongolia.
　　
　　40, GeYiMin four patriotic thief
　　Jiang Moumou: Comrade Yiping, the capitalist system in Hong Kong will remain unchanged for 50 years. What will happen 50 years later?
　　Deng Moumou: dumby, 50 years later, the mainland is capitalist. What else has changed in Hong Kong?
　　41, GeYiMin Five Gas Patriotic Thieves
　　Mao: Why are there so many singles in our country?
　　Zhu: hehe, you account for four.
　　Mao: ha ha, Mr. Zhu, you have a lot of.
　　Zhu: ha ha.
　　Audience: ha ha.
　　
　　42. GeYimin six-gas patriotic thief
　　The death of Chairman Mao is an immeasurable loss.
　　Chairman Mao is not dead, and the loss is even more immeasurable.
　　
　　43, GeYiMin seven gas patriotic thief
　　It is an indisputable fact that the Chinese are inferior to the Japanese. If the War of Resistance Against Japan fails, our lives will be better. The Chinese are managed by the Japanese, and they will be fairer and happier. 57 ethnic groups, 57 flowers, 57 brothers and sisters in a family, 57 languages ??converge into one sentence, love me and love me and love me and love!
　　
　　44. Ge Yimin on the difference between Jesus, Zuo Quan, Ren Bishi, Lin Biao, Zhou Enlai, Mao Zedong, Deng Xiaoping, and Zhang Xueliang
　　Jesus is not fighting, not tasty, not good looking, not drinking, not smoking, not good at gambling, not taking drugs, and live to 33
　　Zuo Quan can only fight, not taste, not look good, don¨t drink, don¨t smoke, don¨t bet, don¨t take drugs and live to 43
　　Ren Bishi is combative and delicious, not good looking, not drinking, not smoking, not gambling, not taking drugs, and living to 53
　　Lin Biao is aggressive, delicious and lustful, not drinking, not smoking, not gambling, not taking drugs and living to 63
　　Zhou Enlai is aggressive, delicious, lustful, drinking, not smoking, not gambling, not taking drugs, and living to 73
　　Mao Zedong was combative, delicious, lustful, drinking and smoking, not good at gambling, not taking drugs, and living to 83
　　Deng Xiaoping was aggressive, delicious, lustful, drinking, smoking, gambling, not taking drugs, and living to 93
　　Zhang Xueliang is combative, delicious, lustful, drinking, smoking, gambling, and drug addicts to live to 103
　　
　　44. God is dumb, and the coming Jesus is heretic
　　Because the Bible is full of revelation.
　　Here's to God: we believe that you are a real and living God, but you are not allowed to speak. You were not allowed to speak 2000 years ago, and you will never be allowed to speak, because when you speak, it is revelation, contrary to the Bible, which completely embodies the truth of Revelation. You don't have to quibble for yourself, and there is no arbitration between us. This is the last spy. If you have to speak, we can only judge you as a heretic, so you can be your dumb God.
　　
　　Here's to Jesus: we welcome you and look forward to your coming again so that we can go to heaven. But please note that you are not allowed to speak when you come back, because your speaking, of course, is revelation, which violates the truth of revelation in the Bible. You say you want to update the world and renew your mind. I'm sorry, we can only judge you as heretic and crucify you poor young man again.
　　
　　I'm sorry, God. I'm sorry, Jesus. Because we are lazy, we want to be safe. The Bible is God and truth; God is the Bible and truth is the Bible. It's good and convenient. We only need to believe in the limited Bible. We shout that the Bible is God's word. Even if we read only a little Bible, we also know that other unread content is God's word. We cry out that we are justified by believing in the Bible, even if we have not read the Bible. We are justified in heaven by believing in the Bible. As for the prophet Ge Yimin's saying that God is infinite and the truth is infinite, let him wear a heretic hat to be infinite. As long as we know the three words "believe in the Bible", we will surely go to heaven.
　　
　　The final conclusion: God, Jesus and Ge Yimin are heretics. I couldn't help shouting the slogan: only the Bible! The Bible is full of inspiration!! Long live the Great Bible!!! Long live the invincible "believe in the Bible"!!!!
　　
　　45. Jerusalem, the holy land of the four monotheistic religions, is the biggest crux of the Middle East conflict
　　
　　The holy city Jerusalem, the capital of Israel, is located on the East Bank of the Mediterranean Sea. It is ugly and even desolate, but it has too much history. Hebrew Bible. Old Testament: "nine parts of the great beauty given to the world are given to Jerusalem".
　　
　　1. Judaism: the temple was built on Mount Zion in the city in 1000 B.C. and then rebuilt. It was destroyed in the war twice. Up to now, the 50 meter wailing wall remains. It is the most sacred place for Israelis.
　　
　　2. Christianity: Jesus was crucified and ascended to heaven here. The existing church of the holy sepulchre is built at the place where Jesus was crucified, buried and resurrected. The red slate at the entrance of the church is the place where Jesus was anointed, and the great stone of Golgotha is the place where Jesus carried the crossゞ Jerusalem is mentioned 1020 times in the Bibleゞ In the book of revelation, the new heaven and new place name of the last judgment God came down is new Jerusalem.
　　
　　3. Islam: Jerusalem is the destination of Muhammad's mysterious night trip. It is the third holy city after Mecca and Medina. It has a dome mosque.
　　
　　4. God Religion: God Religion inherits Christianity, so it also regards Jerusalem as the second holy land after Zhenjiang.
　　
　　Israel (Palestinian area), the Jews regard it as the birthplace and the Palestinians regard it as the historical homeland. At the beginning of the 20th century, it was occupied by Britain and the United States established a national state for Jews. On May 13, 1948, Britain ended its trusteeship, Israel was founded on May 14, the first Middle East War broke out on May 15, and the Arab Israeli war broke out again in 56, 67 and 73. The biggest crux of the Arab Israeli conflict is Jerusalem. Israel claims that Jerusalem is an inalienable capital, but most countries do not have embassies here for political reasons, but in Tel Aviv. Palestine declared East Jerusalem as its capital after its founding.
　　
　　In fact, Jews and Arabs have the same ancestor - Abraham. Sarah Abraham's wife gave birth to Isaac, Isaac gave birth to Esau and Jacob, and Hagar Abraham's concubine gave birth to Ishmael. Esau's descendants were Edomites, who had been enemies with Israel for a long time and then perished. Jacob was the ancestor of the Jews, and the Arabs thought they were the descendants of Ishmael.
　　
　　The content of the Islamic classic Koran is very similar to that of Judaism and Christianity, but Muslims do not recognize Jesus as the son of God like Christians, but as a great prophet, while Jews and believers (Ge Hua) regard Jesus as a mentor.
　　
　　46. The people are God. Listen to him
　　
　　Those who believe in the people go around the flood
　　
　　Our Yimin in Zhenjiang
　　
　　hallowed be thy name
　　
　　May your mighty wind walk on the earth
　　
　　Like walking in heaven
　　
　　We eat meat every day
　　
　　Give it to us today
　　
　　Forgive our debts
　　
　　Just as the old Communist Party exempted the debts of the people
　　
　　Don't let us meet Ge Hei
　　
　　Take us to eternal life as soon as possible
　　
　　Because Jing Lei, Shu Qi, Yi Fei
　　
　　It's yours forever
　　
　　Amen!
　　
　　47. A basic estimate is that no one believes in God 100%
　　
　　Don't be busy labeling lotus root as an unbeliever. Touch your conscience and ask yourself, have you never doubted the existence of God? Even a little?
　　
　　But lotus root is still not afraid. Lotus root is the little boy in the emperor's new clothes.
　　
　　There are several situations in which a person believes in God:
　　
　　1. Families believe in God.
　　
　　2. A godly community environment,
　　
　　3. I went to a church school.
　　
　　4. Think about the first cause, the existence of God.
　　
　　5. Read the Bible and believe in God's word.
　　
　　6. Visions and dreams, moved.
　　
　　7. Find a sustenance.
　　
　　wait.
　　
　　No one has seen God in reality, so faith is a high probability event.
　　
　　As for lotus root, because of personal thinking, Ge Yimin's vision (therefore, I call myself a prophet and sanctify myself:), and moving, I believe in God 99%. Such a great probability is enough to think that I am a believer and live according to the standard of believing in God.
　　
　　If God is not there, nothing will happen.
　　
　　48. God's past, present and future
　　
　　Q: if I admit that God created the world, who created God?
　　
　　A: God is the creator. He is always there. Only he is not created.
　　
　　Q: what was God doing before he created the world?
　　
　　A: we know everything about God only when he reveals it to us. The first sentence of God's word Bible is: "at first, God created the world". Therefore, we don't know what he did before the creation of the world.
　　
　　Q: what if I have to have an answer?
　　
　　A: look at this answer: before the creation of the world, God prepared a place called hell to lock in people who love to ask such questions in the future.
　　
　　The Bible reveals God's history of creating the world in six days and choosing the people of Israel until Christ Jesus became flesh. In order to redeem us, we went to the cross for Adam's sin against God, rose to heaven, defeated death and guaranteed atonement. And the history of early Christian Apostles' evangelism.
　　
　　Q: what is God doing now?
　　
　　A: Romans 8:28 "all things work together for the benefit of those who love God." God will allow all things to happen in our lives, including misfortunes, disasters and trials, and make us benefit from them. Of course, these disasters do not come from God, but from the sinful world in our lives. Despite our sins and failures, God still loves us. He came into the world in our extreme pain and brought us courage and hope. He promised to turn our trials into blessed experiences. When you think that God is punishing you, remember that the punishment of sin has been paid for you by Jesus Christ. And think that this is God's warning and call.
　　
　　Q: when can I see God?
　　
　　A: the date is near, and Jesus Christ will return according to the revelation of the Bible, which will be seen by all eyes. He will end the evil in the world, raise us from the dead, give us a new form, and there will be no more pain. Revelation 1:4 "God will wipe away all their tears, and there will be no more death, no more sorrow, no more crying, no more pain." We will understand that God has a good will for every heartache, every tear and every misfortune. Dear friends, remember, "pain will pass, but beauty will last forever."
　　
　　Q: there is a question. The earth is round. How can everyone see Christ again?
　　
　　A: Christ is God. God is a spirit. It is impossible for people. Everything can be done in God.
　　
　　Q: I still can't understand. Please give me a specific answer.
　　
　　A: then I'll give you an answer: on TV.
　　
　　49. Who am I
　　
　　Everyone has a positive impression of others. As soon as he mentions his name, he knows what kind of person he is, whether he is beautiful
　　
　　Smart, kind and capable, but I'm not very clear about who I am. I can't get the answer.
　　
　　We see that someone has always been our impression, and we can be sure that he will be the same in the future. But I don't have this clear impression of myself. I always feel that my future is uncertain, there are great changes, or efforts, or waiting for miracles. In fact, others see me as such a person. It's no big deal. Facts have proved that he is right.
　　
　　Our life has three levels: body, consciousness and soul. We can't see others' hearts. With his body and consciousness, we can grasp what kind of person he is. We look at ourselves because the soul is more essential, but we can't know the soul. On the contrary, we can't grasp our own body and consciousness clearly. We can't affirm ourselves as sure as whether others are kind. Even if we look in the mirror every day, we can't affirm ourselves as sure as what grade others look like.
　　
　　We are indeed spiritual living people. Now we are imperfect blood and gas bodies and can't know the soul. Only by defeating blood and gas with spirit and obtaining a perfect spiritual body can we answer: "who am I".
　　
　　50. You can't be a complete atheist and thinker at the same time
　　
　　You can be a complete atheist or a complete thinker, but you can't be a complete atheist and thinker at the same time, because such a person has committed suicide.
　　
　　Interpretation: if a person is atheist and thinks about the nothingness of life, living is meaningless, so he commits suicide.
　　
　　Subtext: all people who call themselves atheists have no thoughts.
　　
　　Schopenhauer thought about the nothingness of life, but he didn't commit suicide and was considered incomplete.
　　
　　Solomon thought about the nothingness of life, but he believed in God and finally said that it is man's duty to fear the Lord.
　　
　　Reinterpretation: in short, a person thinks that there is no afterlife, and after decades, he will never live. If he doesn't commit suicide immediately, what life will he live.
　　
　　In fact, many philosophers and unknown thinkers committed suicide.
　　
　　An American female star committed suicide. She believes that at least leave people a young image, not an old image.
　　
　　51. What conclusion can you draw from Adam's obedience to Eve's eating forbidden fruit
　　
　　Answer: henpecked
　　
　　First: human sin (original sin) is hereditary.
　　
　　Second: human fear of wife (original fear of wife) is also genetic.
　　
　　To be truly happy, a human family must have a good relationship with God. This relationship should be chosen by itself, not reluctantly maintained Deuteronomy 30:15-20; Joshua 24:15) the Lord wants people to obey him, but people must do so from their heart and love Deuteronomy 6:5) so the LORD made a provision in the garden of Eden that the first man had the opportunity to prove his loyalty. God told Adam, "you can eat the fruit of all kinds of trees in the garden, but you can't eat the fruit of the tree of good and evil. If you eat it, you will die." Genesis 2:16) this tree symbolizes that the wise creator has the right to decide what is good and what is evil. The Lord gave Adam a suitable wife, so Adam told his wife Eve the command of God.
　　
　　Then one day, a snake (the revelation of the Bible shows that the original Snake, called the devil and Satan, deceived people all over the world - Revelation 12:9). This spiritual creature deliberately made himself a devil (slander) and Satan (enemy). He was seduced and tempted by his own selfish desires in an attempt to enjoy the status of God, so he rebelled against the creator-- James 1:14.
　　
　　Satan, the devil, seduced Eve and said, "you will not die if you eat the fruits of distinguishing good from evil. You will be able to distinguish good from evil like God."-- Genesis 3:4, 5) he seems to claim that God has left some good things for you. You can eat the fruit of the tree and decide what is good and what is evil like God.
　　
　　Adam ate the fruit, but his wife ate it, but she listened to Adam's words. As a result, they lost their paradise, Adam worked all his life, Eve increased the pain of pregnancy and childbirth, and the Lord punished women: "you will love your husband, and your husband will rule over you." However, the fear of wife gene inherited from human ancestors is as unshakable as the original sin. So far, "strict wife management" can be found everywhere, which was unexpected by the Lord.
　　
　　52. Who killed the first in history?
　　
　　Answer: God.
　　
　　Gen 3:21 "the LORD God made garments of leather for Adam and his wife and clothed them."
　　
　　Adam and Eve ate the forbidden fruit and felt ashamed of being naked. They covered themselves with leaves, but God refused to accept the clothes they had made.
　　
　　Because God wants to teach them that they cannot be accepted by God by acting in their own way. God only accepts to act in his way, and only he can provide them with the clothes he is willing to accept.
　　
　　God kills animals
　　
　　The first thing that sin against God brings is death.
　　
　　God killed the animal to make the blood flow out, and then peeled the animal's skin, which Adam and Eve did not do. God's purpose was to warn Adam and Eve that their disobedience would bring death to the world. God wants them to always remember that the price of sin is death. God is holy, just and just. He judges death as the price of sin. The Bible clearly points out that blood will flow because of sin.
　　
　　(the first murder in history was that Cain, the eldest son of Adam, killed his brother Abel. Since then, mankind began to kill each other.)
　　
　　53. God's creation Q & A
　　
　　Q: How did man and the universe come from?
　　
　　A: it was created by God. There must be a craftsman and a creator in the world.
　　
　　Q: who is God?
　　
　　A: it is the creator, the creator and ruler of the universe. It is an eternal, sacred, omnipotent, omniscient, omnipresent and personal God.
　　
　　Q: How did God come?
　　
　　A: God is his own, forever, past, present and forever. It is the cause of all causes, the first cause and the first driving force.
　　
　　Q: where is God?
　　
　　A: nothingness is omnipresent and exists in the father, the son and the Holy Spirit. God is a spirit whose existence, wisdom, power, holiness, righteousness, goodness and truth are infinite, eternal and unchangeable.
　　
　　Q: Why did God create the world?
　　
　　A: in order to show his power, to have an object of love, the object of his love, the object of his love, let the creator praise him and glorify him.
　　
　　Q: can I meet God?
　　
　　A: in the face of objective rationality, only through the flight of faith can we meet infinite God.
　　
　　Q: are we created to live in the world for a purpose?
　　
　　A: believe in God, praise God, glorify God, maintain communication with God, obtain eternal spiritual happiness, and always enjoy God.
　　
　　Q: no other (such as material) purpose?
　　
　　A: No, people don't live for crabs, villas and beauties. Solomon, the king of wisdom, came to the conclusion that everything is empty, "it is man's duty to fear God and keep his commandments"-- Ecclesiastes 12:13
　　
　　Q: I admit that there is God, but why do humans suffer so much? Is God irresponsible?
　　
　　A: all this is bound to happen. God planned everything infinitely long ago, including the wonderful redemption plan designed because of his love. The plan included sending his son to the world as a redeemer to save all those who believed in him. He has three great and unified forgiveness and salvation plans in order to perfect the limited human (the body derived from the earth).
　　
　　First plan: God created Adam's body with clay, and breathed his anger into his nostrils, and he became a living soul. But Adam, after all, had an earthy (material) body and could not have the limitations of spiritual life like God (spiritual body and spirit). To give human true happiness, we must increase human spiritual power and overcome the power of material (earthy body). If we do not give human suffering and give human life fruits and separate good and evil fruits directly in the garden of Eden, due to the root of human evil, human beings will be self righteous, do not know God's grace, do not give all the glory to God, owe God's glory, and do not take God as joy, not only does God's desire to create the world fail, but human beings can not be really happy, At most, it is a group of self righteous "old immortals".
　　
　　So the ancient snake (Satan, God's tool, created by God and controlled by God) lured Eve and Adam to eat the forbidden fruit, committed a crime, was expelled from the garden of Eden, began suffering, and brought sin and death to future generations. God wants human beings to know that they have original sin - the earth body, although intelligent, still has limitations. Without God's word, they can only lose.
　　
　　The second plan: the Son Jesus is incarnated. His mother Mary is a virgin. Jesus lives in the world as a perfect person. He was crucified, died and buried, and his death guaranteed atonement. Rise three days after death and ascend to heaven. There he sat on the right hand of the Holy Father. One day he will come back to the world with the glory of victory.
　　
　　After Jesus preached for three and a half years and ascended to heaven, the Holy Spirit came and lived in our hearts forever. In this way, God lives among us. The Holy Spirit makes us know our sins, prays for us, and helps us follow God's will in various ways. Jesus said, "the gospel of the kingdom of heaven will be spread all over the world as a witness to all the people, and then the end will come."
　　
　　Now there are 2 billion Christians in the world (Catholics are Christians in a broad sense). The gospel has not been spread all over the world. More importantly, the gospel has not been really accepted. Hitler said: "I am and will always be Catholics". The Nazis (Catholics) prayed while slaughtering.
　　
　　Now, under the action of separating good and evil fruits (wisdom fruits), human material civilization has made great achievements, but human beings still pay attention to the poor material civilization from the earth, spiritual life has made no progress, and spiritual life is becoming increasingly vulgar. God wants human beings to understand that without God's way, they can't find their own purpose of life and can't be happy.
　　
　　The third plan: Ge Yimin God came into the world to spread the new Gospel of Ge God. Mankind will give all the glory to God, take God as the only happiness, rebuild communication with God, regain God's love and neighbor's love, make a complete atonement, and build a loving kingdom of God.
　　
　　2 Peter: "some people think that the Lord's promise has not been fulfilled. In fact, it is not delay, but tolerance. I don't want anyone to sink, but let everyone repent."
　　
　　Everyone believes in God, loves as himself, at least not against anyone, everyone gives glory to God, and finally god gets all glory.
　　
　　Q: how do you know that the so-called three plans come from God?
　　
　　A: Romans 8:20, 21 of the Bible says, "the created beings are subject to the situation of futility, not out of voluntariness, but because God makes them subject to this situation. However, there is still hope for all sentient beings, that is, all created sentient beings will be released, no longer enslaved by corruption, but will enjoy the freedom of the glory of God's children. "
　　
　　Yes, God hopes that the first pair of human offspring will eventually get rid of the sin and death inherited by their ancestors and restore a close relationship with God.
　　
　　Q: what is the kingdom of God?
　　
　　A: one word - love. God is love. The Lord Jesus summed up the law of the Lord to love God and love as yourself. St. Paul said that there is faith, hope and love, the greatest of which is love. But now, what we lack most is love.
　　
　　Of course, there are fruits of life, new heaven and new earth, no more death, a real paradise.
　　
　　Q: what are we doing in Xintian Xindi?
　　
　　A: "God... Puts the eternal consciousness in the hearts of the world, so that people will never explore God's actions from beginning to end."-- Ecclesiastes 3:11＾ We can observe, learn and appreciate the wonderful works of the Lord forever. "-- Psalm 19:1-4; 10424 13914。
　　
　　Q: how can we get the kingdom of God?
　　
　　Answer: Jesus Christ said, "if they continue to absorb knowledge, know your only true God, and know Jesus Christ you sent, they can live forever." John 17:3)
　　
　　Note that the most important thing is to have love. In the New Testament, several different Greek words are translated into "love", in which "Agape" means a kind of love that is willing to take others as the center and does not require merit and return. God loves all mankind with this love, and Christians are encouraged to love each other with this love. Jesus said, "love one another as I love you. This is my command." John 15:12).
　　
　　54. Wuhou Centennial spirit 2033 and Ge Shen 20331126
　　
　　In 1933, Xuanyuan college opened and Zhuge Kongming gave a presentation in Fanling.
　　
　　On December 15, 1933, the Hong Kong industry and Commerce daily published such a news, entitled "the magic language of Kong Ming's descent in Fanling, New Territories".
　　
　　"Out of Washington again. It's destiny to benefit people. This person was originally ZIWEIXING. Settle the country and secure the people. We must guard the universe. Towering Xiyao and shun. A hundred years of life is very sad. I'm afraid you can't see it. "
　　
　　In 2033, see if there is a "Washington" among the people.
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣ I 29, 2013, 126: the political party will perish 20 years later (2033). In a harmonious Communist society, human beings manage peacefully and mutually, and there is no need for a dictatorship party.
　　
　　55、20191001
　　
　　A large number of Americans tweeted and revealed that they had won a new crown long ago
　　
　　More than 1000 users on twitter said they or their family members and friends had been infected with the new crown virus in December 2019 or even earlier.
　　
　　"Novel coronavirus pneumonia was confirmed by my wife and doctors in October 1, 2019." A Washington resident named Jamie katenhofen tweeted on December 22, 2020.
　　
　　In November 2020, researchers at the National Cancer Institute in Milan, Italy, published a paper in the Journal of oncology that they detected blood samples from 959 volunteers who participated in lung cancer screening tests from September 2019 to March 2020. It was found that there were specific receptor binding domain (RBD) specific antibodies in COVID-19 blood samples from 111 volunteers. The earliest samples were collected in the first week of October 2019, suggesting that they were probably infected with COVID-19 in September 2019.
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣ 2 13. Therefore, in 2019, the end of the world (the end) comes. Ge Yimin is the king of God, ending the rule of foreigners and establishing the kingdom of God (Communist society).
　　
　　15. From 2019 to 2033, mankind will become happier and happier, and the world will gradually become one.
　　
　　In early October 2019, Ge Yimin became a God.
　　
　　November 26, 2033, world Datong Visions (v. 29)
　　
　　Annex: (III) source of doomsday prediction in 2019: Ge Yimin was first published on the Internet Forum in August 2001.
　　
　　56. Zhulian nine and Zhulian one
　　
　　In ancient times, we all felt wrong and barbaric. Fortunately, the times have improved and we are in the era of civilization.
　　
　　Is modern really civilized?
　　
　　The children of the rich in the land in the past, needless to say. Today, you commit a crime, so-called having a criminal record, and publicly make it clear that your children are affected by their work, joining the army and joining the party. I call it Zhulian.
　　
　　The United States, which is known as freedom, democracy and human rights, believes that you are guilty of his crime and publicly makes it clear that your spouse's and children's visas are affected.
　　
　　I didn't see anyone criticizing the Zhulian clan. It seems that everyone takes it for granted, just as the ancient people took it for granted that this is to let you not commit the crimes he thinks. However, the ancient emperor also thought so.
　　
　　Less company is indeed progress, but is it OK? Why not connect? After all, the people involved are innocent.
　　
　　The real civilization is that one person acts as one person, one person commits a crime and one person is punished accordingly, and innocent spouses and children should not be affected.
　　
　　Today, we of Zhulian people laugh at the ancient nine Zhulian people, and the future people will laugh at us of Zhulian people. May this day come as soon as possible.
　　
　　57. The Internationale and the Bible have one thing in common
　　
　　When the composition of the international song was completed in 1888, revolutionaries of all dynasties sang: "this is the last struggle", and when singing, they believed that he sang it was the last struggle, "intner schunner must be realized!"
　　
　　But generations of revolutionaries have died, and today's revolutionaries are still singing: "this is the last struggle", and believe that now is the last struggle, "intner schunner must be realized!"
　　
　　The Bible was written at the beginning of A.D. 1 Thessalonians 4:17 and after that, we who live and remain will be lifted up with them into the cloud and meet the Lord in the air. In this way, we will be with the Lord forever.
　　
　　The saints of all ages read this passage and believed that Jesus would come again in his lifetime, and he could be mentioned as king with the Lord alive.
　　
　　But generations of saints have died. Today's saints are still reading this Scripture and believe that Jesus will come again in his lifetime. He can be mentioned as king with the Lord alive.
　　
　　58. Material does not die out! What about me?
　　
　　In chemistry, we read "the law of the immortality of matter", and in physics, we read "the immortality of ability". Everything in the universe goes round and round, winter and spring come and go round and round. Although materials and capabilities have changed, they have not disappeared. Up to now, the quantity of all materials in the world has increased a little and has not decreased at all. Will a man who is the spirit of all things end as soon as he dies? Is there no "me"?
　　
　　In the consciousness of every human being, there is a self-consciousness of "I". Because of the existence of "I", we draw a line between ourselves and others. "I" is also the most important word in daily conversation. "I" is also the center of the world's life, because everyone has an "I", and the collision between "I" and "I" has become the main cause of various problems in human society. So what is "I"? Who is "I"? Where is this "I"? Physiologically speaking, "I" is composed of head, trunk, limbs, flesh and blood and internal organs. In chemistry, "I" is caused by more than ten chemical elements, such as carbon, hydrogen, oxygen, nitrogen, sulfur, phosphorus, sodium, etc. From the perspective of economics, if a pig dies, it can still be worth a lot of money. If a person dies, no one wants it. For biologists who never believe in the Bible, man is evolved, and "I" is just one of the animals, a little smarter than cattle, horses and pigs.
　　
　　However, the reason why "I" is "I" is by no means so simple. Although parents give birth to "I", they do not create "I". Otherwise, why are the children born to the same parents different in thought, temperament and destiny? Although the world is big, we can't find two "me", body and mind. Everything is the same as "I".
　　
　　"I" have a body, but the body can never represent the real "I". The body is just the body of "I". The true self is my life. A person's true self should be observed from his words, deeds and character. Although a person saws off his hands and feet, his "me" is still the same. According to physiologists, the metabolism of the body changes every seven years, so seven years later, my body is definitely not my body seven years ago, but the "I" constituting this spirit is still the same "I" at the age of five and at the age of seven or 80. It can be seen that this "I" consciousness must have a constant foundation in me. Obviously, "I" is not material, "I" is beyond material, and material can change, "I" is still the original "I". Apart from the body, if there is no soul, it can not explain the origin of this "I".
　　
　　Everyone has conscience, reason, religious concept and the desire for eternal life, which is the evidence that people have a soul. The Ecclesiastes say: "God places eternal life in the hearts of the world".
　　
　　Yes, we can't catch the soul, but we can detect the manifestation of the soul, that is, noble virtue, great self sacrifice, moral and religious concepts, loyalty, friendship, love, faithfulness... All these are abstract. None of them is a feeling that can be produced by material, which can't be learned by apes. The manifestation of the body, everything is physiological and sensory, so the manifestation of the spirit can not be produced from that part of the body. What is a brain? The brain is just a pile of materials. How can materials have spiritual effects? If the soul is just the brain, then all these unique human characteristics, which exceed the spiritual function of material, become impossible.
　　
　　
　　
　　59. Dust - original sin - death - atonement - sanctification - eternal life
　　
　　Almost everyone will wonder sooner or later, what is the purpose of life and who are we? Why are we alive? Why should we die? Is there any survival after death? What is our future? Philosophy and religion were born from this. Victor, a mental health expert, said: "finding the meaning of life is the main driving force in people's heart. I dare say that nothing in the world can help people through even the worst environments than knowing the meaning of a person's life."
　　
　　Is the purpose of life just to work hard to improve your living environment and maintain the livelihood of your family, and then maybe live for 70 or 80 years and die, so it will never exist?
　　
　　Molecular biologist Denton said: "the simplest type of cell known is also very complex. It is unacceptable to claim that such a thing is suddenly made up of some extremely unlikely abnormal event." He called Darwin's belief that organisms are generated by chance "the greatest myth put forward in the 20th century about the process of the universe."
　　
　　Paul, Professor of physics "We are indeed destined to live in the world. Since the physical universe is formed in such an amazing way, I can't think it's just an irrational fact," Davis said
　　
　　The Bible, the oldest book of mankind, says, "our Lord, our God, you are worthy of glory, honor and power, because you created all things, and all things were created by your will." (Revelation 4:11) it is important for us to have a great designer, the idea of the existence of the emperor, because he created us for a reason and purpose. The Lord means "the doer".
　　
　　The Bible shows that when God created the earth's environment, he especially focused on human welfare. Isaiah 45:18 points out that God created the earth "not to make the land desolate, but to make it habitable." He makes people fully enjoy the joy of life. (Genesis 1 and 2) God said, "we will make man in our image and in our likeness, so that they will rule over the fish of the sea, the birds of the air, the livestock of the earth, and all the earth, and all the insects of the earth." (Genesis 1:26)
　　
　　"The LORD made man out of the dust of the earth and blew life into his nostrils, and he became a living man with spirit." (Gen 2:7) God placed the man in the garden of Eden and made him repair and guard. The LORD God said to him, "you may eat the fruit of any tree in the garden, but you shall not eat the fruit of the tree that distinguishes good from evil, for the day you eat it will surely die.". (Gen 2:15-17)
　　
　　Why doesn't God give people the fruit of separating good from evil, because people's imperfect, imperfect body (from dust, like animals), "the LORD says, since man belongs to flesh, my spirit will not dwell in him forever." (Gen 6:3) although people have the image of God and vitality (spirit), they can be described as half man and half god. To be truly happy, people need not only physical satisfaction, but also spiritual satisfaction. If you directly give people the fruits of good and evil and the fruits of life in the garden of Eden, people will not be able to grow spirituality and overcome the limitations of the dust body without due trials of suffering. They will be self righteous and fail to realize that all human beings come from God and do not give glory to God. Finally, God's purpose of creating the world will fail, and people can not enter perfection and find real happiness.
　　
　　The so-called original sin is rooted in man's imperfection (from the dusty body). Since God created man as a son, he will not prevent him from distinguishing good from evil for no reason. Man and snake are created by God. The creator certainly knows what the created can do (eat forbidden fruit). Just as man knows what the computer he makes can do, everything is God's plan, because he is omnipotent, The purpose is to enable people to defeat the body with spirit.
　　
　　So God lured Adam and Eve through a snake to disobey his orders and secretly eat the fruits of good and evil. Human beings had original sin. "Sin enters the world through one person, and death comes through sin, so death is passed on to everyone, because everyone has committed sin." (Romans 5:12) God wants people to know how lost it is to leave him.
　　
　　"The creation of all living beings is subject to the futile situation, not out of voluntariness, but because God has made all living beings subject to this situation. However, there is still hope that all created living beings will be released from the slavery of corruption and enjoy the freedom of the glory of God's children." (Romans 8:20, 21)
　　
　　The LORD sent his son. Jesus was loyal to God. Therefore, Jesus was perfect until the moment of death. He was willing to give his perfect life to God as a ransom to meet God's just requirements and redeem mankind from the slavery of sin and death. Jesus' sacrifice opened up the opportunity for all who believed in him to enjoy eternal life. (John 3:16, Romans 3:23, 24)
　　
　　Jesus: "the Evangelical Church of the kingdom of heaven will preach throughout all the earth where the world believes and bear witness to all nations. At that time, the end will come." (Matthew 24:14) the LORD said through Haggai the prophet, "I will shake all nations, and the treasures of all nations will come, and I will fill this house with glory... The later glory of this house will be greater than the previous glory, and I will give peace in this place." Treasures are those who serve the LORD with love. New Jerusalem is the spiritual temple of God. God wants people to be sanctified, justified and glorified, and give glory to God, and finally God will get all the glory.
　　
　　In the "great day of Almighty God", the Lord will clear away the sins on the earth and build the earth into a paradise. (Revelation 16:14, 16) thus, "the righteous shall have the earth and dwell on it forever." (Psalm 37:29) what will life be like in paradise? The earth will be full of happy people, and everyone will praise the Creator with one heart and one mind.
　　
　　Jesus said, "if they continue to absorb knowledge and know you, the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom you sent, they can live forever" (John 17:3)
　　
　　As the day drew near, "I saw another angel (GE Yimin) flying in the air, and there was an eternal gospel to be preached to the people on earth, all nations, all peoples and all peoples. He cried out, fear God and give him glory, for the time of his judgment has come, and worship him who created heaven, earth, sea and springs of water." (Revelation 14:6, 7)
　　
　　
　　
　　60. Love your neighbor as yourself. Jesus didn't say enough
　　
　　Ke'er 19:08:53
　　
　　Have you read Luke 10:25-37
　　
　　Shinto 19:09:15
　　
　　Yes
　　
　　Ke'er 19:09:27
　　
　　Do you like it?
　　
　　Shinto 19:09:43
　　
　　You post it
　　
　　Ke'er 19:09:40
　　
　　Can you tell me about yourself
　　
　　Shinto 19:09:59
　　
　　Post content
　　
　　Ke'er 19:10:16
　　
　　"A lawyer got up and tested Jesus, saying," teacher, what should I do to inherit eternal life? "Jesus said to him," what is written in the law? What do you read? He answered, "love the LORD your God with all your heart, soul, effort and mind, and love your neighbor as yourself." Jesus said to him, "your answer is that if you do this, you will have eternal life. The man will justify himself and say to Jesus," who is my neighbor? " Where's the house? Jesus answered, "a man went down from Jerusalem to Jericho and fell into the hands of robbers."; They stripped him of his clothes, beat him half to death, and left him. By chance, a priest came down this road and saw him and passed over the other side. And another Levite came to this place and saw him, and passed by the other side. When he saw a man riding in Samaria's shop, he helped him and his cattle to the place where they were traveling, and poured oil in front of him. The next day he took out two pieces of silver and gave it to the shopkeeper, saying, "take care of him. In addition, I will pay you back when I come back.". Which of these three people do you think is a neighbor who fell into the hands of robbers? He said: pity him. Jesus said, "go and do the same."
　　
　　Shinto 19:10:38
　　
　　Let me see
　　
　　Shinto 19:11:25
　　
　　This is not enough
　　
　　Ke'er 19:11:38
　　
　　A little story, what inspiration does it give you
　　
　　Shinto 19:11:43
　　
　　Make everyone your neighbor
　　
　　Shinto 19:11:54
　　
　　Not just those who care about us
　　
　　Shinto 19:12:15
　　
　　Those who don't care about us should also love him as yourself
　　
　　Ke'er 19:13:46
　　
　　My is like this, which makes me feel that I am not a lonely and helpless person. Every brother will love his neighbor like Jesus
　　
　　Shinto 19:14:32
　　
　　I hope everyone loves each other, at least not against anyone
　　
　　Ke'er 19:15:08
　　
　　My feeling, do you think it's reasonable?
　　
　　Shinto 19:15:21
　　
　　That's good
　　
　　Ke'er 19:16:44
　　
　　Because it is recorded that it is a Samaritan, and this Samaritan is a priest. They say they hate it
　　
　　Shinto 19:18:04
　　
　　Jesus means that those who are good to themselves are neighbors. I mean, those who are bad to themselves are also neighbors. All people are neighbors
　　
　　Ke'er 19:18:43
　　
　　So simply put, is there love here
　　
　　Ke'er 19:18:47
　　
　　This story
　　
　　Shinto 19:19:00
　　
　　Yeah
　　
　　Shinto 19:19:25
　　
　　Love everyone, everyone
　　
　　Ke'er 19:20:08
　　
　　Yes, and guide each of us to do so
　　
　　Shinto 19:21:02
　　
　　This is my task
　　
　　Shinto 19:21:12
　　
　　The mission of the divine Church
　　
　　Ke'er 19:22:07
　　
　　What do you teach
　　
　　Shinto 19:22:35
　　
　　A sect of Christianity
　　
　　Ke'er 19:22:52
　　
　　Never heard of it
　　
　　Ke'er 19:22:58
　　
　　Have you heard of Christianity
　　
　　Shinto 19:23:09
　　
　　Online search, yes
　　
　　Shinto 19:23:24
　　
　　I founded it
　　
　　Ke'er 19:23:27
　　
　　Christianity is not Christianity
　　
　　Ke'er 19:23:33
　　
　　What other faction
　　
　　Shinto 19:23:57
　　
　　Christianity consists of various sects
　　
　　61. The most concise Bible knowledge
　　
　　Kant, an influential philosopher in the 18th century, once said: "it is the greatest happiness to have the Bible in the world. Any attempt to belittle this book is against the interests of mankind." "The influence of the Bible on mankind is not limited to Jews and Christians... This book is regarded as a treasure house of morality and religion. It contains inexhaustible lessons and helps promote a civilized world," the American encyclopedia said
　　
　　By the end of the 20th century, the whole or part of the Bible had been translated into more than 2200 languages. Most people can read and understand the Bible in a language they know well. Since the invention of movable type printing, an estimated four billion Bibles have been circulated around the world.
　　
　　The Bible is actually a series of 66 volumes, written by about 40 people from the beginning of Genesis to the end of revelation. The first part has 39 volumes, called the Old Testament (Hebrew Bible), and the second part has 27 volumes, called the New Testament (Greek Bible). This part is written by Christians. The writing period of the Bible is more than 1600 years, from 1513 BC to 98 ad. But the Bible has a theme, which is consistent from beginning to end. The Bible tells us: "the Bible is all revealed by God with the Holy Spirit,... All beneficial." (2 Timothy 3:16)
　　
　　The Bible tells us:
　　
　　The purpose of God's creation of the earth is to make the earth full of happy human beings and live in justice. In order to survive, man must obey God's law. First, the temptation of human beings (Adam and Eve) to love Satan (snake), steal the forbidden fruit (respectively good and evil fruit), disobey God and become a sinner. As a result, they were sentenced to death. This brought sin and death to their descendants！！ Genesis 1:27, 28; 21617 31-19 Romans 5:12.
　　
　　The Supreme God, named Jehovah, is determined to remove the effects of disobedience and sin from the earth. Then he examined the earth and saw a faithful man among mankind named Abram. God changed his name to Abraham. God promised Abraham that his descendants would become a great nation, and God would produce a descendant through this country; Through this seed, all the families of the earth will bless themselves！！ Genesis 12:1-3; 181819 2218 Psalm 83:18; Hebrews 11:8-16.
　　
　　At the end of the 16th century BC, the descendants of Abraham's grandson Jacob (Israel) developed into 12 tribes and were slaves in Egypt at that time. The LORD saved Israel from Egypt and made it a nation. He gave them a set of laws as the constitution of the country through Moses on Mount Sinai. The Lord is their king, judge and lawgiver. The Israelites became God's chosen people. The Messiah will be born through this nation, and the Messiah will establish an eternal kingdom to benefit all nations and nationalities on earth！！ Exodus 19:5, 6; Chronicles 17:7-14; 1 Kings 4:20, 25; Isaiah 33:22; 4310-12 Romans 9:4, 5.
　　
　　After 1500 years, that is, about 2000 years ago, God sent his only son from heaven to earth. He was born by Mary, a Jewish virgin, and named him Jesus. He was destined to inherit the kingdom that God promised to give to his ancestor David. When Jesus was 30 years old, John the Baptist baptized him and was anointed by the Holy Spirit. In this way, he became Christ, which means "anointed", and began to proclaim the kingdom of God. Jesus healed the sick to show how the future kingdom would benefit mankind. He used a metaphor to explain what conditions a person who desires eternal life must meet. Jesus preached for three and a half years. Later, he was executed on the cross, so that he gave up his perfect human life and became a ransom for mankind！！ Matthew 1:18-24; 313-16 417-23 6910 Chapter 13; 2028 Luke 1:26-37; 214 44344 81 John 3:16, 21, 22; Acts 10:37-39.
　　
　　Jesus explained that the Messianic kingdom would be established in the distant future, at the end of the system of things. At that time, he will return as the ruling king！！ Matthew 24, 25; Revelation 7:9-17.
　　
　　On Pentecost in 33 ad, God poured the Holy Spirit on 120 disciples of Jesus, and they began to talk about God's great deeds in many languages. The Christian congregation was established, and about 3000 new disciples were baptized on that day！！ Acts 2. As the apostles and others continued to speak the word of God bravely to others, many congregations were established, and the missionary work soon expanded to all parts of the Mediterranean, from Babylon and North Africa to Rome and as far as Spain！！ Romans 15:18-29; Colossians 1:23; 1 Peter 5:13.
　　
　　The apostles and other close associates formed a governing body. They took the lead in preaching. They had solved a difficult problem in the Jerusalem congregation, dealt with an argument about circumcision, and informed the congregation of their decision to abide by it. But these people are not domineering masters over others. On the contrary, they are servants and co-workers of the whole congregation！！ Acts 4:33; 61-7 814-25 1122-24 151-32 1645 1 Corinthians 3:5-9; 412 2 Corinthians 1:24.
　　
　　The early disciples were known in the name of Christians. They got the name by God's arrangement. They also have some lessons that make them different, which are called apostolic lessons or "models of pure words". These Bible based lessons are also called truth. They formed a universal brotherhood and united with love. They remembered the day of the Lord's presence and enthusiastically publicized their faith. They prayed and looked forward to the coming of the Lord Jesus！！ John 17:17; Acts 2:42; 1126 Romans 6:17; 1 Timothy 4:6; 613 2 Timothy 1:13.
　　
　　
　　
　　62. Why are we alive
　　
　　For eternal happiness, that is, the happiness of the soul.
　　
　　Only by solving our greatest pain (self death) can we get the greatest happiness. There must be a craftsman and a creator in the world. Movement must be promoted. The first driving force is God. If the origin of the universe is a little bit, what kind of point is it? It will never be any matter, but God.
　　
　　The closest thing to me is other people. What distinguishes us from other things is the Spirit given by God, that is, Qi.
　　
　　Believe in God, love (not against anyone), preach the gospel, resurrect and live forever in the kingdom of God.
　　
　　If death doesn't last, there's no point in living. If God is not there, nothing will happen.
　　
　　We are people with souls. Our parents only give us bodies, just symbols. God gives us souls (QI). This is our essence.
　　
　　Our three kinds of life: 1. Material, physical, basic necessities of life; 2. Consciousness, thinking and social activities; 3. Soul, soul, religion.
　　
　　Everyone who is greatly used by God first has a special waiting period: the forty years of Moses, the three years of Paul and the thirty years of the Lord Jesus.
　　
　　What is God? He is the creator and the God who creates and rules the world
　　
　　What is the world created by God? Not only the universe we recognize, but also many things we don't realize. We will never recognize God's ability. When human beings think, God Laughs.
　　
　　Any matter (I) has its non self, other people for you, animals for people, whether there are organisms for life, other planets for the earth, other star systems for the solar system, non universe for the universe, non universe and non universe (a), non-A (b)
　　
　　If there is no God, then each of us will be for decades, because with God, we have a soul, a beginning, a future and an eternal future.
　　
　　The Lord has left us for nearly two thousand years. In these two thousand years, how many Christians have spent their lives in hope. God wants us to accept the time and place arranged by God with gratitude. Now, like the dead prophets, we have no chance to see the Lord in this life. When will the world come to an end and the saints rise in the kingdom of the Lord and eat the fruit of life?
　　
　　The kingdom of heaven is near. Repent and shout for 2000 years. It's time.
　　
　　The believer is the proof of what he wants and what he hasn't seen. We believe in God, because God is the only explanation and destination of the world and human existence. When did God come to earth? This is the only answer we need to know. Go to the Bible to find the answer. If you are a Christian with the Holy Spirit.
　　
　　Only God has his own, eternal, beginning and end. The kingdom of heaven is near. Repent.
　　
　　
　　
　　63. Seven proofs of God's existence
　　
　　When we ask a person who doesn't believe in God how the world came from, he will say that he was born. How can he not know that this "heaven" is God.
　　
　　1. There must be a craftsman, a table - carpenter, a house - bricklayer, everything is made, the universe - God (creator).
　　
　　2. There must be a cause for the result, and the cause and effect of the world inherit. The development of things is an infinite chain. Phenomenon a causes phenomenon B, phenomenon B causes phenomenon C, and phenomenon C causes phenomenon D. one cause produces one result, and this reason is the result of the former cause, and this result is the cause of the latter result. There must be a fruit without cause (the first cause) - God.
　　
　　3. Movement must have a push. Matter is moving. Push produces movement. The first driving force - God. When the earth moves around the sun in a circle, in addition to the gravity of the sun, there must also be a lateral push of appropriate size and moving it along the tangent direction. Newton "has no divine power. I don't know what forces in nature can promote this lateral movement". This is the first push of the famous Newton's divine arm.
　　
　　4. Modern science believes that the universe originated from the explosion of a point, which can not be any matter, but God.
　　
　　5. Everything has its opposite, material and immaterial - the divine world in which God lives. Matter (including antimatter) is composed of physical particles and fields. The age of the universe is 15 billion years. If it is still matter before and after, it is still the universe and can only be gods.
　　
　　6. The origin of life is the existence of immaterial "vitality", and life is created by God.
　　
　　7. The theory of evolution is only a hypothesis about the origin of human beings. There is no reason why Darwin insisted that apes in East Africa walk under trees. Human beings, the spirit of all things, cannot produce wisdom from the monkey brain. We are the image of God. What we distinguish between animals is the soul given by God. In the Bible, "God made man from the dust of the earth, blew life into his nostrils, and he became a living man with spirit."
　　
　　64. Non universe beyond the universe
　　
　　Any self (existence) has a non self. There are other people for you, other creatures for mankind, whether there are creatures or not, other planets for the earth and other star systems for the solar system. Similarly, there is a non cosmic existence outside the universe.
　　
　　The non universe is by no means the material world we know. If it is material, it will merge with the universe into the universe.
　　
　　The non universe is the spiritual world of the opposite of matter. It is not in the same space as the universe, which can not be recognized by science. Only wisdom can recognize its existence
　　
　　Non universe is what we often call heaven and hell The universe is material and has a beginning and an end. It begins with God's creation, ends with the judgment of the end, and then enters the eternal spiritual world (non universe)
　　
　　Heaven is the residence of God and the residence of the saved after leaving the world or after the last judgment. It is a paradise with bright sunshine (the glory of God) and colorful flowers. From a religious point of view, it is very real, but this does not mean that it is a space that our senses can find. Jesus used "home" as an analogy. He told his disciples, "there are many dwellings in my father's house. If not, I would have told you. I went to prepare a place for you. If I went to prepare a place for you, I would come back and pick you up to me. I was there, so that you would be there." (Gospel of John). Jesus came to earth from heaven. When he ascended to heaven, he returned to heaven.
　　
　　There are many descriptions of heaven in the book of revelation: "God sits on the throne and thousands of angels worship before him. The Holy City New Jerusalem falls from heaven, which is the end of the existing way of existence of the universe and enters the spiritual non universe. It will become the eternal home of God and eternal people. It is a city with golden streets and Pearl gates. It is a place where there is no crying, no sorrow and no death.
　　
　　Hell is the home of Satan and his demons, and the home of the wicked and the irredeemable. It is full of fire and endless suffering. The book of revelation calls it a "lake of fire", and Jesus describes hell as a place where "insects are immortal and fire is immortal".
　　
　　There were no more days, and when the seventh angel sounded the trumpet, the mystery of God was fulfilled, just as God preached to his servants the prophets. The brothers overcame Satan because of the blood of the lamb and the word of their own testimony. On the day of judgment, God will settle all accounts, judge sin and reward loyalty. Everyone should stand before God, the scroll should be opened, and everyone will be judged according to what he recorded in the scroll. Anyone whose name is not in the book of life (non believers) will be thrown into the lake of fire.
　　
　　
　　
　　65. God, where is the old man
　　
　　Where is God? It is the argument of atheists and the most perplexing problem of theists that there is no residence in the vast universe known to mankind. If you believe in God and cannot recognize the existence of God, your faith is empty. Christians can prove the existence of God from the resurrection of Christ, but we can't see the resurrected Christ in reality.
　　
　　God does exist. He is the only explanation and destination of the origin of the world.
　　
　　God is a spirit, the creator of the past, the present and the eternal. He has his own forever. He lives in the spiritual world, that is, heaven, which is opposite to the material world (universe) we can perceive. We can't be perceived by our senses. We can only meet him by his flying with our vehicle - the Holy Spirit, wisdom and faith.
　　
　　The universe we can perceive was originally said to be endless and boundless in textbooks. Modern science believes that the universe has a beginning and an end and has a margin. It began with the big bang 15 billion years ago, and it also believes that it has an end period (all substances have a period of production, development and extinction). The universe is expanding now, because stars are far away from each other, both expanding and marginal.
　　
　　Where is God? Just before the big bang, before the creation of matter, the world at that time was the spirit of God, and there was no material existence, because God created the universe and man in order to show his power, to have an object of love, the object he loved, the object he loved, to let the Creator glorify him, and for his great and unified forgiveness and rescue plan.
　　
　　Where is God? At the point of the big bang, that point is God, not any matter.
　　
　　Where is God? In the universe generated by his self explosion, without God, the planets will not move around the stars in a regular way. Without God, the flowers will not open by themselves. Without God, the birds will not sing freely. Without God, you will not eat enough and think about St. Jerome's article. Is it right? Without God, you will not be human (a person with a soul), and you will not be resurrected. Only a few decades, it will be empty after all.
　　
　　God is still outside our universe, outside the edge of the expansion of the universe, outside our three-dimensional space, that is the divine world opposite to our matter.
　　
　　Where is God? After the demise of our universe, after we resurrect the spiritual body, after his creation plan is completed, and after the judgment of the last day, we enter the eternal soul world, that is, heaven, and we can see the true face of God.
　　
　　When will God's creation plan be completed? When will the last judgment come? Because one man is guilty (Adam eats the forbidden fruit), everyone is guilty. God wants people to understand how they are lost without his way. Because one person suffered (Jesus) and made atonement for all, but mankind did not abide by Jesus' teaching and continued to follow the path of Adam. Under the action of the fruit of wisdom, for the sake of physical enjoyment, one-sided development of material civilization. God wants mankind to understand that under the achievements of high material civilization, they are also lost without God's way (spiritual civilization).
　　
　　As the date approaches, God's final plan is to let us understand that God's word is the only destination of mankind. Let us pay more attention to spiritual civilization, let us develop towards divinity, rebuild the communication with God destroyed by Adam, let us be justified and sanctified, and let everyone love God and others as himself (not against anyone). The world is truly full of love, and everyone returns glory to God. Finally, god gets all glory and builds the kingdom of God.
　　
　　Jesus: "the gospel of the kingdom of heaven will be spread all over the world as a witness to all the people, and then the end will come."
　　
　　
　　
　　66. We really need to be humble
　　
　　Religion, God is the creator, omnipotent, flawed people are really nothing;
　　
　　Philosophy, Socrates has long said: I know nothing but my ignorance;
　　
　　Science, Popper said that we can only speculate about what will happen in two or three years, and we can't predict it for a long time.
　　
　　67. This is a great declaration, which fills the fatal defect of Marxism
　　
　　Xie Gongji (1047682086) 9:15:29
　　
　　Who is the author of the declaration of Christian communism?
　　
　　Xie Gongji (1047682086) 9:15:47
　　
　　This is a great manifesto
　　
　　Xie Gongji (1047682086) 9:16:18
　　
　　He filled the fatal flaw of Marxism
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:11:57
　　
　　Did you write the Communist Manifesto of Christ?
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:12:03
　　
　　Excuse me?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:12:26
　　
　　Hello, I wrote it
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:13:15
　　
　　You're handsome and sunny
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:13:35
　　
　　thank you!
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:14:05
　　
　　Oh, it's just a draft, constantly updated
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:14:08
　　
　　okay
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:14:33
　　
　　I think so, too
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:14:55
　　
　　I read it again today and 90% agreed
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:15:05
　　
　　Yes, the advantage of the Internet is to write and send
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:15:19
　　
　　Thank you, hehe
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:15:29
　　
　　Are you a Christian?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:15:39
　　
　　yes
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:16:01
　　
　　1. We believe in God: the creator, the creator and ruler of the universe, the first cause.
　　
　　2. We believe in Jesus Christ, the son and Savior of God, and died on the cross for us.
　　
　　Therefore, we are Christians.
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:16:13
　　
　　okay
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:17:16
　　
　　In the present world and the future world, only the word of God can save everyone, our country and all mankind.
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:17:53
　　
　　Yes, you have ideas. You can write a masterpiece if you have
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:18:15
　　
　　If this development continues, it will not escape the tragic fate of historical change
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:18:30
　　
　　definite
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:21:12
　　
　　However, in the early history of the Communist Party, the "Comrade class" rarely seen in human history, whether in love with the people or in the ability to govern, it would be a pity if it was allowed to degenerate and eventually replaced by new forces, don't you think?
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:21:33
　　
　　"Ruling class"
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:21:52
　　
　　It is not a pity that democracy replaces it. The world trend
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:24:18
　　
　　However, people's wisdom and strength are limited, and they also belong to sinners. They need unified management. Democracy is necessary, but it should be limited. If we blindly pursue democracy, the consequences will also lead to tragedy. Therefore, I think: democracy and rule should be explained by the dialectic theory, and there should be a degree, don't you think?
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:25:02
　　
　　We should also give the people a certain degree of democracy without causing social unrest
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:25:22
　　
　　Of course, democracy is far from enough
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:25:29
　　
　　Oh, state management has proved that the Western way is more reasonable, that is, democracy
　　
　　Of course, the best society is true communism
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:25:39
　　
　　okay
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:29:02
　　
　　Marx's conception: communism is good, which comes from our Lord Jesus, but Marx's principle has lost the "key" to realize the society he yearns for from the beginning- Christ, ignoring the basic fact that human nature is "sin", wanted to improve human quality through acquired education through other channels, but did not know that he had lost the best "Ideological and spiritual educational materials"
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:30:16
　　
　　You are thoughtful. It's a pity not to write a masterpiece
　　
　　Horse's biggest mistake is to use violence to achieve, contrary to human law
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:30:44
　　
　　I don't watch the Communist Party of China's corruption (although its core is pure now and for some time to come), because in this process, it is the people who suffer. The Lord doesn't want this.
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:30:57
　　
　　Ma's theory of violence, implemented by flawed people, is a cup
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:31:23
　　
　　You are also very thoughtful, which I have never met before
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:33:34
　　
　　Another storm is rising, which is bad for the people
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:33:42
　　
　　But the speed of the Soviet Union was unexpected
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:33:55
　　
　　Just like the Soviet Union
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:34:16
　　
　　First, the people are very kind
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:34:30
　　
　　Without Comrade Deng Xiaoping, we might not be as good as the Soviet Union
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:34:59
　　
　　God asks us to love. When we are in China, we love the Chinese people.
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:35:07
　　
　　After the Soviet Union, it's very good now
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:35:31
　　
　　Yes, expand to the people of the world, huh
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:35:59
　　
　　I fully agree with your views in the declaration of Christian communism
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:36:22
　　
　　Thank you. It's just an idea
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:36:27
　　
　　Christian communism is the ultimate social goal of mankind
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:36:46
　　
　　No, the Lord hopes so
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:36:53
　　
　　Yes, we can be truly harmonious and happy
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:37:01
　　
　　Your idea is in line with his idea
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:37:10
　　
　　okay
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:37:13
　　
　　The Lord wants us to distribute wealth to the poor
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:37:16
　　
　　yes
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:39:24
　　
　　Few people in our country get rich first. Most of them are rich but unkind. It's understandable that everything is out of human sin - selfishness. It is completely contrary to what the main asks them to do.
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:40:07
　　
　　They don't believe in God. They just want to have a lot of wealth and enjoy this life
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:41:08
　　
　　Christian communism is the greatest and noblest truth, the hope and future of mankind, and the only way to solve all contradictions and realize human happiness. The most important thing is: it is in the heart of God
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:41:15
　　
　　yes
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:42:05
　　
　　Because they don't know God, let alone how they are, and how God tells them to do and treat others.
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:42:49
　　
　　In the world view in his mind, only his most desire for money and material enjoyment.
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:43:00
　　
　　No sympathy or pity
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:43:40
　　
　　Only by believing in Christ can we listen to his teaching: sharing wealth to the poor can make the world rich and Communist.
　　
　　Secular communism only redistributes wealth. Many occupiers change groups of people. Many occupiers will not distribute property to the poor, but enjoy it more than others
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:44:05
　　
　　yes
　　
　　Xie Gongji 17:45:00
　　
　　I'll go out and talk when I get back. It's good to chat with you today. I think we will become good brothers in the Lord in the future.
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:45:29
　　
　　OK, I'm happy, too. You're thoughtful
　　
　　
　　
　　68. God and the president of the world
　　
　　First: God
　　
　　1、 Exodus 4:16: he (Aaron) will regard you (Moses) as God.
　　
　　Psalm 82:6: I (God) said, you are God, all sons of the most high.
　　
　　2、 Vision.
　　
　　6. In the autumn of 2001, Ge Yimin dreamed that God said, "I am God, you should listen to him." He refers to ge Yimin. (GE Yimin was anointed as God)
　　
　　3、 Ge Yimin God proved: vision, thought, trial, news, love, seeking truth.
　　
　　1214 Good Friday: for the sake of the world, for the sake of society, and for the sake of Ge Yimin, Ge Yimin entered the great trial, half prison and crucified.
　　
　　1221 Easter: in order to save the world, Ge Yimin died and was resurrected by God. He defeated the poison hook of death and brought hope to the world.
　　
　　Ge Yimin - God - ＾wordofgod￣ - country Era
　　
　　John 14:12 Jesus: those who believe in me will do what I do, and they will do greater things than this. Ge Yimin God is just like this.
　　
　　4、 Christ in the age of the Kingdom - Ge Yimin God:
　　
　　"Anointed" and "chosen by God" -- neurovisions 5. In the autumn of 2001, in Ge Yimin's strange dream, God said, "I am God. Listen to him." He refers to ge Yimin. (GE Yimin was anointed as God)
　　
　　"Messiah" and "savior" -- neurotic biography:
　　
　　10. In 2004, the first draft of Neurology (Yemei Sutra, geyimin Sutra and Ge Yimin Sutra) was written into the release network, and then continuously updated and released.
　　
　　11. In 2012, the establishment of the divine religion and the divine party was made clear as a value rather than an organization.
　　
　　12. 2012 C 19, peacefully export the harmonious Ge Yimin values, the content is ＾wordofgod￣.
　　
　　13. 20191001, Ge Yimin became a God.
　　
　　14. From 2019 to 2033, Ge Yimin's Gospel spread all over the world and was accepted by the world.
　　
　　15. 20331126, Great Harmony in the world.
　　
　　5、 Luke 17:24 for on the day of his coming the son of man... But he must first suffer many hardships and be rejected by this generation.
　　
　　Ecclesiastes 4:14 "this man came out of prison to be king. I saw that all the living people who acted under the sun followed the second, and there were countless people over whom he ruled, his people.".
　　
　　It seems that the last savior achieved salvation mainly through the great suffering of "prison"; "All living people in action" logically includes all people in all countries, nationalities and religions, "follow the second". From the Scripture, this Savior is indeed the second savior other than the Lord Jesus. In the future, he will be king and rule all the people, and his people will be countless.
　　
　　Ge Yimin did suffer a lot first and was rejected by this generation.
　　
　　And the prison came out to be king. (semi prison)
　　
　　The suffering (23 years of hard trial) was greater than that of Jesus, who preached. He also got on the cross and died and rose from the dead.
　　
　　"Ge Yimin" -- God is also the people.
　　
　　
　　
　　Second: World president
　　
　　1、 Five steps to unite the world in 1985 (sophomore year of senior high school):
　　
　　Peking University, going abroad, Nobel Prize in literature, association, unifying the world.
　　
　　He was 16 years old.
　　
　　Now there are five steps to unify the world: Nanjing University, Shenwang, ＾wordofgod￣, Shenjiao and unify the world.
　　
　　2、 News.
　　
　　1. It is uncertain whether Ronaldo will transfer to Milan or Real Madrid. Who is lying
　　
　　http://www.gegod.com/gzly/163xw.jpg
　　
　　Carlo Ancelotti made the above rumor refutation at the post match media meeting of Milan's 1-0 victory over Atletico Madrid in the summer league. In his words, "the Italian sports newspaper, like other Italian or Spanish newspapers, is not the Jeme Sutra after all."
　　
　　For example, everyone knows that everyone is handsome. Otherwise, others will not understand.
　　
　　2、 http://www.pcpop.com/doc/0/150/150301.shtml
　　
　　In Baidu's "God bar", more netizens commented that "the earth will end in 2019" happened to verify the prediction of the end of the world in the Yemei Sutra.
　　
　　3、 Crape myrtle.
　　
　　His theories and thoughts will form and publish his works (the book will become crape myrtle movement), his works will be translated into many languages and published (Siyi will be re translated as the son of heaven, and the best of times will come in the spring of nine countries). He will become the spiritual leader of the world. He will establish a new ideology for the whole mankind, guide the whole mankind to complete a historic leap and guide mankind to great harmony.
　　
　　(Neurology has long been translated into foreign languages, and there are a lot of differences from the original vocabulary due to back translation into Chinese.)
　　
　　He will end the antagonism between religions, end the factional antagonism among religions, and end the antagonism between different religions. His thoughts and theories blend the essence of different beliefs (theism and atheism), inherit the rational core of different religions (theism and atheism), and discard the unreasonable, inaccurate and incorrect parts of all religions (theism and atheism). Thus, he will win the respect and wide recognition of the whole world, become the spiritual leader followed by the whole world and mankind, and his thought will become a universal belief in the world, bring strength to all mankind and point out the direction for the future of mankind.
　　
　　4、 Program: establish a communist society in the world with Ge Yimin's values in 2033.
　　
　　5、 In 2033 ad, Satan was forever thrown into the lake of sulfur. When God tried, Ge Yimin became king, new heaven and new earth, and the era of the state (Communist society).
　　
　　69. Where does the earth come from
　　
　　Many scientists have studied the universe and the earth in depth. They have found a lot of evidence that there is a creator. This evidence shows that the power that sustains the whole universe is God.
　　
　　Paul Professor Davis wrote in "the mind of God": "the structure of the universe is always stable, well-organized and complex. This orderly and orderly universe must have some very special laws and conditions."
　　
　　Professor Davis discusses a number of "coincidences" noticed by astrophysicists and other scientists, Then say: "Taken as a whole, these coincidences provide convincing evidence that life as we know it is deeply influenced by the form of the laws of physics on the one hand, but also deeply depends on some seemingly accidental coincidence that nature formulates actual values for various particle masses, strength, etc. in a word, if we play God, we can determine their values for various quantities by twisting a set of handles at will Value, we will find that the positioning of almost every handle will make the universe an uninhabitable place. Some examples show that it seems that different handles must be adjusted to 100% accurate positions, otherwise organisms cannot survive in the universe. In fact, even if there are slight changes in the current situation that humans may not be aware of, these changes can also have very serious consequences.
　　
　　The above research results show that our earth, together with the rest of the universe, was created by a purposeful creator. If this is true, we need to find out why he created the earth in the beginning and what the future of the earth is. Despite the popularity of atheism, it is surprising that many people in the world still believe in the existence of a wise creator.
　　
　　It is reasonable to seek answers from a truly reliable source, which is widely accepted as a revelation from the creator. This is the Bible. As for the future of the earth, the Bible states: "one generation passes and another generation comes, but the earth lasts forever." (Ecclesiastes 1:4) the Bible directly explains why the Lord created the earth and shows that God placed the earth in the most appropriate position in the universe. Because of the moderate distance between the earth and the sun, terrestrial organisms can survive.
　　
　　The spirit of the Almighty God showed that Isaiah, the prophet of ancient times, wrote the following words: "the Lord who created the heavens and made the God of the whole earth. He created the firm earth, not to make it desolate, but to make it habitable." (Isaiah 45:18) when astronauts flew around the earth, they described it as a gem in space. God is determined to make the whole earth a comfortable and spacious paradise for human beings to live in. All people on the earth, men and women, live in peace and tranquility. God let the first pair of human beings produce offspring, "God said to them: have many children and cover the earth." But now we see that the earth and its residents are in a pitiful situation. Does God's will fail?
　　
　　No, the Lord is the determiner of his words and deeds. He is absolutely capable of realizing his will. Everything is in his plan. The name of the Lord is the meaning of the doer, and it is a continuous tense. Everything in history and now is to test people and let people overcome the power of the flesh (the body from dust) with spiritual power. "The LORD says, since man belongs to blood and gas, my spirit will not live in him forever." (Gen 6:3) finally, people get spiritual bodies. "God's tent is on earth. He will live with people, and they will be his people. God will be with them himself. God will wipe away all tears from their eyes. There will be no more death, no more mourning, no more crying, no more pain. The past is over." (Revelation 21:3, 4)
　　
　　
　　
　　70. Creationism vs. evolutionism
　　
　　The Bible is the crystallization of human civilization and life experience, which is unique. Kant: "it is the greatest happiness to have the Bible in the world. Any attempt to belittle the book violates the interests of mankind." "The influence of the Bible on mankind is not limited to Jews and Christians... This book is regarded as a treasure house of morality and religion. It contains inexhaustible lessons and helps promote a civilized world," the American encyclopedia said
　　
　　96 percent of people in the United States claim to believe in God, but the rate is much lower in Europe and Asia. However, even in countries that do not believe in God, many people believe that the material universe is produced by some unknown forces. They believe that something eternal or individual contributes to the operation of the universe. Why? Think about it: the sun is huge enough to hold a million earths; But compared with the Milky way, it is just a drop in the ocean. But there are billions of galaxies in the universe, and the Milky way is just one of them. According to scientific observations, galaxies appear to be pushing outward at high speed. To promote the operation of the universe, it must involve huge energy. Who or what does this energy come from? The Bible asks, "lift up your eyes to heaven! Who created all this? God created it, and he led the stars like a great army." (Isaiah 40:25) the universe is made up of one individual, who is the source of "power".
　　
　　Please also think about life on earth. Evolutionists claim that life is self-produced. Is that right? Biochemist Michael Beh said: "Science has made great progress in understanding the chemical processes of biology, but at the molecular level, science cannot explain how the delicacy and complexity of biological systems come from.... many scientists assert that they have mastered the explanation, or the truth will come out sooner or later. However, special scientific books and periodicals do not support such a claim. In addition, according to the structure of biomolecular systems, we have good reasons to believe that Darwin's Theory will never succeed in explaining the mechanism of life. "
　　
　　According to the theory of evolution, human beings are naturally produced without the help of any intelligence. Are you really satisfied with this explanation? Some people say that the human brain is "the most complex object in the universe". Now let's study the human brain and see what conclusions we can draw. Richard. "Even the most advanced neural network like computers have only one tenth the function of a fly," Dr. restack said The brain is much better than the brain of a fly. The human brain has the ability to learn language and can repair, adapt programs and improve functions by itself. You must agree that although the function of powerful supercomputer is only "one ten thousandth of a fly", it must be designed by wisdom. So what about the human brain?
　　
　　Three thousand years ago, mankind did not fully know the wonderful structure of the human body and knew nothing about the molecular structure of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA), but at that time, a biblical writer wrote: "your eyes saw me when I was an embryo." (Psalm 139:14) who is he referring to? Who is "capable" and produces everything in the universe?
　　
　　The first verse of the Bible says, "in the beginning, God created heaven and earth." He is also a great author of the Bible, revealing the contents of this book to people. He shows that he is a God who is willing to be close to others, so we can form a close relationship with him.
　　
　　
　　
　　71. If Adam eats the fruit of life first and then the fruit of wisdom
　　
　　God told Adam that he could eat the fruit of all the trees in the garden of Eden at will, but not the fruit of the tree of good and evil (wisdom), which means that the fruit of life is edible. Later, Adam disobeyed God's will and ate the forbidden fruit, which was man's degeneration. God said, "the man has been similar to us and can know good and evil. Now I'm afraid he will stretch out his hand and eat the fruit of the tree of life and live forever." So Adam was driven out of the garden of Eden. Because he could not eat the fruit of the tree of life, he could not live forever. Human beings are no longer innocent, holy and happy, and fall into suffering
　　
　　If Adam eats the fruit of life first, gets eternal life, and then eats the fruit of wisdom, he will be really like God. Human beings do not need the precious blood on the cross of the Lord Jesus to make atonement, and we can live forever. Isn't it a harvest of both material and spiritual civilization?
　　
　　God is omniscient and omnipotent. He knows that Adam will eat the forbidden fruit. Why not stop it? This is one of the reasons why many non Christians deny the Lord.
　　
　　After Adam ate the forbidden fruit, why didn't God let him eat the fruit of life?
　　
　　Answer: all this is God's plan, because if human beings have a double harvest in the garden of Eden, human beings will think that it is God's grace to be saved. They do not give all the glory to God and owe God's glory.
　　
　　God let Adam sin and lose, let the precious blood of the Lord Jesus make atonement for us, let us understand that God's word is our only destination, return all glory to God, and finally god gets all glory.
　　
　　Revelation: a new heaven and a new earth, the holy city, New Jerusalem. On both sides of the river, there is a tree of life, which bears twelve kinds of fruit. The leaves on the tree are for the healing of all peoples. There will be no curse forever.
　　
　　So far, the kingdom of God has been built, and mankind has truly achieved a bumper harvest of material civilization and spiritual civilization.
　　
　　
　　
　　72. Why is there so much suffering and injustice in the world
　　
　　Human history is full of suffering caused by war, imperialist aggression, exploitation, injustice, poverty, disasters, disease and death. In the 20th century, about 100 million people died in various wars. Hundreds of millions of people have died of hunger and disease. The earthquake claimed countless lives. People are increasingly disrespectful of life and property. Fear of crime has become part of everyday life. Most people abandon moral standards like shoes along the way.
　　
　　Why do so many tragic things happen to innocent victims? If God is almighty, why has he allowed so much suffering to come to mankind over the past thousands of years? Since God designed the universe so well and orderly, why did he allow so much chaos and destruction on earth?
　　
　　It's like you see a broken house in the forest. It's in disrepair. Do you think it can't be designed by an intelligent designer? Do you think the house was created by chance? It may mean: 1. The owner of the house has died; 2. He is a capable builder, but he no longer cares about the house; 3. He rented the house to others temporarily, but the tenant didn't maintain it well. Finally, the reasons cited are actually quite similar to the situation on the ground.
　　
　　We know from the early records of the Bible that God's will is not to suffer or die. Our ancestor Adam and Eve died only because of disobedience to God. (Genesis 2, 3) since they rebelled against God, they no longer did God's will. They were separated from God's care. They actually cut off contact with God as the "source of life"！！ Psalm 36:9.
　　
　　Just as the power supply of a machine is cut off, the machine will stop slowly and finally stop completely. The first pair of human bodies and minds also gradually declined and finally died. All their descendants - all mankind - are also governed by death. According to the law of heredity, all offspring of our ancestors inherited imperfections (from the earth's "material" body) and death. Romans 5:12 tells us, "just as sin came into the world from one man (the father Adam), and death came from sin; so death came to all, for all sinned (because of the tendency to suffer imperfections, which means sin)." Since sin, imperfection and death have been common in the world since ancient times, some people regard them as natural and inevitable. But God originally made man capable of living forever, and he longed to do so. Most people feel that it is really a helpless thing for their life to be terminated by death.
　　
　　Why did God allow the world to go its own way for so long? God will make man have free will, which means the ability to choose. God did not make them like robots or animals dominated by instinct. Therefore, people can choose who they want to serve. (Deuteronomy 30:19; 2 Corinthians 3:17) for this reason, the word of God exhorts us, "though you are free, do not cover your malice by freedom, but be servants of God." (1 Peter 2:16) but although people have the wonderful gift of free choice, once they take an action, they must also accept the consequences of the action.
　　
　　Our ancestors made the wrong choice. They chose to be independent from God. Will this path lead to a happy and successful life? Jeremiah, the author of the Bible, knew what would happen. He was right when instructed by the Holy Spirit: "I know, O Lord, that a man's way is not his own, and those who walk cannot set their own steps. Correct me, O Lord." (Jeremiah 10:23, 24) he knew that man must be guided by God's heavenly wisdom. For thousands of years, the result of man-made rule has undoubtedly shown that man cannot "set his own pace" without relying on the guidance of the creator. The Bible says, "the rock (God), his movement is perfect; all his ways are just. He is a faithful God, without injustice, both righteous and upright. They act corruptly; they are not his children, but their own defects."！！ Deuteronomy 32:4, 5.
　　
　　Because human beings originate from the earth (material) body, which is imperfection and human limitations. The original sin is that the ancestors secretly ate the forbidden fruit against God's will. Why does God not distinguish the good and evil fruits for human beings? The root lies in the earth body of human beings. Paying attention to material civilization will not find eternal spiritual happiness. If you give life and distinguish between good and evil in the garden of Eden, people will be self righteous. They don't know to give glory to God and owe God's glory. God's purpose of creating the world has failed, and people can't achieve their purpose of life. At most, they are a group of self righteous "old people who don't die". God wants people to understand that if human beings leave God's way, no matter how developed material civilization is, they can't find their own purpose of life. God is to let the vitality (soul and spirit) he blows into people's nostrils defeat people's material body derived from soil, sanctify people, claim righteousness and glory, everyone gives glory to God, and finally god gets all glory. So far, the kingdom of God full of love is completed and God's creation plan is completed.
　　
　　"And I saw another angel flying in the air, with an eternal gospel to be preached to the people of the earth, all nations, all peoples and all peoples. He cried out, fear God and give him glory, for the time of his judgment has come, and worship him who created heaven, earth, sea and springs of water." (Revelation 4:6,7).
　　
　　73. God's three plans and our seven missions
　　
　　God created man to have an object of love, the object of his love, the object of his love, and let people give glory to God. Because of man's limitations, he has three great and unified forgiveness and salvation plans.
　　
　　1. One man sinned (Adam ate the forbidden fruit against God's will), and all the world sinned and owed God's glory. The wages of sin is death. God wants people to understand how to get lost without God. People do not experience the loss without God. They do not know the real beauty of the garden of Eden and will not give all the glory to God. Satan is just a tool of God's plan.
　　
　　2. One man suffers (Jesus) and makes atonement for all. However, over the past two thousand years, mankind has not completely returned to God. Christians account for only nearly one-third of the world's population. Even Christians have not really been saved. Almost all the Nazis who slaughtered Jews are Christians. People forget the lesson of Jesus and continue to follow the path of Adam. Under the effect of the fruit of wisdom, they unilaterally develop material civilization for physical enjoyment. God wants mankind to understand that without God's spiritual civilization, they can't be happy.
　　
　　3. When the time comes, God reveals the new gospel to make people righteous, sanctified and glorified. Sanctification refers to the continuous spiritual development in Christian life. The Holy Spirit lives in believers, points out sin to them and changes their character. People develop towards divinity, rebuild the communication with God, and finally give all the glory to God.
　　
　　Late Christians had seven missions.
　　
　　1. Believing in God is the only explanation of the origin of mankind and the universe, the first driving force and the cause of all causes. Our confidence is to believe what we cannot see, and the return of confidence is to see what we believe. We get righteousness through faith and grace. In the face of objective reason, we can meet infinite God only through the flight of faith.
　　
　　2. Love, Jesus wants us to love as ourselves, but this is very difficult to do. The operable thing is not to oppose anyone, including those who are hostile to us. In this way, we will reduce the trouble of calculating people and the grievances of being calculated. We are really brothers all over the world.
　　
　　3. Preaching the gospel is the great mission left by Jesus. Like St. Paul, we should be moved by the Holy Spirit, gain power and be the witness of the Lord to preach the gospel to all the people all over the world and bring all the people to the Lord.
　　
　　4. Prayer is talking with God. It can be very formal, such as reciting the continuous prayer from the prayer book, or informal, such as thinking of God at the moment of stopping at the traffic light. Prayer can be silent or vocal, private or public.
　　
　　The main purpose of prayer is to think of God and maintain communication with God every day.
　　
　　5. Accept the test and choose. Do not be surprised that the test of fire has come upon you, but rejoice, for you have suffered with Christ. Since your faith has been tested, it is more precious than the gold that can still be broken by the test of fire. Today's patience and trust is God's preparation for sending you out for a great cause in the future. Everyone who is greatly used by God first has a special waiting period. The forty years of Moses, the three years of Paul and the thirty years of the Lord are all excellent examples. Therefore, rest in peace and accept the time and place arranged by God with gratitude.
　　
　　6. Perform miracles. The important miracles in Christ's life are: Virgin pregnancy, resurrection and ascension. The Bible is full of miracles, including the miracles of sharing the sea, and the miracles of fire falling from heaven and walking on the sea. Of course, in a sense, any interaction between God and man is a miracle. May the Holy Spirit give us the power to do miracles.
　　
　　7. Leadership. In the name of father, son and Holy Spirit, we will make everyone believe in God, praise God, glorify God, and rebuild the garden of Eden on earth.
　　
　　
　　
　　74. The only way to eliminate hatred
　　
　　Hatred spreads everywhere
　　
　　"People never know who they hate." James the diplomat Lowell
　　
　　Today, hatred is everywhere, as if it surrounded us. Place names such as East Timor, Kosovo and Sarajevo, as well as names such as Neo Nazis, skinheads and white supremacy masters, have been deeply imprinted in our minds. The recent terrorist attacks on the United States and the attack on Afghanistan have once again brought a sad picture to our minds.
　　
　　Danielle, the widow of the late French President Mitterrand, recalled her young days and said: "at that time, everyone yearned to live freely in a society of mutual trust, close to each other as brothers, and live peacefully in a prosperous and powerful world." She sighed: "after half a century, we have to admit that we have encountered many setbacks."
　　
　　The tide of hatred surged again, and the way of venting became more and more blatant. Nationalism has risen in the past decade, and all parts of the world are no longer integrated into one village, but divided into different villages. Each village has a strong national consciousness, and everyone is wary of each other. Because of mutual distrust, the possibility of conflict has greatly increased. In Canada, five skinheads killed an elderly Sikh, a sign that the country known for its tolerance of foreigners is resurgent. In Germany, extremist attacks on foreigners increased by 27 percent in 1997. More than 6000 children in northern Albania are trapped at home because their parents are afraid that their children will be shot and killed by their enemies. "In 1998, a total of 7755 hate related crimes were recorded, more than half of which were based on racial discrimination," the FBI said. As for the rest of the crimes, some are caused by prejudice. The offender is either biased against the victim's religion and ethnicity, or discriminates against the disabled. In addition, xenophobic incidents are rampant. The victims are mainly refugees living in foreign countries. At present, there are more than 21 million of them.
　　
　　Fear inspires hatred
　　
　　"Hatred and fear are inseparable. We hate everything we fear." C Cyril, a literary critic Connolly
　　
　　Many sociologists believe that hatred is rooted in people's subconscious and is difficult to get rid of. As the Bible describes, "sin is born to men and women", just as it describes "sin" in the Bible. (Psalm 51:5) thousands of years ago, the creator examined imperfect people, "seeing that man has great sins on earth, all he thinks about all day long is evil." Genesis 6:5
　　
　　Prejudice against others and discrimination against others can incite hatred. All this happens because people are not born perfect and only pursue their own interests. (Deuteronomy 32:5) governments in the world cannot change people's minds by legislative means to eliminate prejudice and hatred. In our days, hatred has provoked countless conflicts, which undoubtedly involve many factors, mainly social and economic.
　　
　　Renew ideas and change attitudes
　　
　　"It must be voluntary for hostile ethnic groups to effectively change the current situation." C Foreign correspondent Maggie
　　
　　What can promote people to renew their thoughts and change their attitudes automatically and spontaneously? Experience has shown that the word of God, the Bible, can exert great power to urge people to correct their mistakes and eliminate hatred. "The word of God is alive and powerful. It is sharper than any two edged sword. Even the soul and spirit, joints and bone marrow can be pierced and separated, and even the thoughts and plans in the heart can be recognized." C Hebrews 4:12
　　
　　The teaching of Jesus Christ has great power. It can not only inspire people, but also move people to act according to their conscience. Many people are deeply moved by Jesus' teaching and resolutely change their lives. They put this wise advice of Jesus Christ into practice: "continue to love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you." Matthew 5:44. They try to renew their thoughts and character and keep malice and hatred out of their mind. They realize that imperfect tendencies can play a powerful role in rooting and growing the seeds of hatred in their hearts. So they take positive action to turn hate into love. "Everyone who hates his brother is a murderer; you know that no murderer has eternal life in him." C 1 John 3:15
　　
　　God intends to uproot hatred in the near future when the kingdom of heaven rules the earth. Jesus taught us to pray for this kingdom. He taught his disciples to pray, "our father in heaven, hallowed be your name, your kingdom come, and your will be done on earth as in heaven." At that time, people were no longer ignorant and prejudiced. On the contrary, everyone broadens their horizons, seeks truth and pursues justice. Then God "will wipe away all tears from [human] eyes, and there will be no more death, no more mourning, no more crying, no more pain." C Revelation 21:1-4
　　
　　Now there is irrefutable evidence that we are living in the "last days", and we can be sure that the harmful hatred will soon disappear from the earth 2 Timothy 3:1-5; Matthew 24:3-14. In the new world promised by God, everyone will treat each other sincerely and sympathize with each other, because human body and mind will become perfect Luke 23:43; 2 Peter 3:13
　　
　　
　　
　　75. How far are humans and animals
　　
　　Humans don't seem to know who they are, evolutionist Richard "For a long time, philosophers have been exploring different levels of human nature, but it's strange that they still have different opinions on the essence of human nature," Leakey said The World Book Encyclopedia said: "humans, apes, lemurs and spectacled monkeys belong to the primates of Mammalia."
　　
　　The facts show that man and beast are two different things at all. People have love, conscience, moral concept, spiritual need, sense of fairness, compassion, sense of humor, creativity, concept of time, self-consciousness and aesthetic vision, but animals do not have these characteristics. People not only care about the future, but also pass on the accumulated knowledge from generation to generation. Even if people die, there is hope to live again.
　　
　　Some people try to coordinate the characteristic differences between humans and animals with the help of evolutionary psychology. Evolutionary psychology is a mixture of evolution, psychology and social sciences. "Evolutionary psychology is based on simple assumptions." Robert the evolutionist "Like other organs, the intended purpose of the human brain is to pass on genes to the next generation. If people want to fully understand the feelings and thoughts generated by the brain, they must be based on this assumption," Wright said In other words, our whole life is completely dominated by genes. From the thinking activities of the human brain, we can see that the purpose of life is nothing more than to have children and carry on the family line.
　　
　　According to evolutionary psychology, "human nature is generally selfish and tends to pursue self-interest by all means." "Moral animals" commented: "natural selection requires men to have sex with different women." According to this evolutionary concept, women's sexual intercourse in some cases can also be regarded as a natural phenomenon. Even paternal love and maternal love are said to be planned by genes in order to ensure that future generations can live. This view emphasizes that the key to ensuring the longevity of the human family is to pass on genes to future generations.
　　
　　On the other hand, the Bible shows that the purpose of God's creation of man is not to have children. We are made in the image of God, enough to reflect his attributes, especially love, justice, wisdom and power. When we combine the unique characteristics of human beings, we will understand why the Bible puts human beings above animals. The Bible clearly shows that God not only put the desire for eternal life in the heart of the people he created, but also determined to create a new world of justice in which people can enjoy infinite life Genesis 1:27, 28; Revelation 21:3, 4.
　　
　　To determine who we really are, theory alone is not enough, because our view of the origin of mankind can affect our life and our basic view of life and right and wrong. After Darwin's origin of species was published in 1859, "The world immediately became morally corrupt, and the public no longer believed in God. Those in power and power believed that the idea of eliminating the weak and retaining the strong was conducive to their rise. In this competition, those who were strong and unyielding, cunning and cunning must be better than those who were weak willed and credulous. They concluded that people, like Indo wild dogs, were just social animals, and it was natural for big people to act like wild dogs and bully others." (historian wells)
　　
　　The Bible calls Adam the first man "the son of God" (Luke 3:38), and beasts never deserve such a reputation. However, the Bible points out that people and animals have many things in common. "God made man out of the dust of the earth and blew life into his nostrils, and he became a living man with a spirit named Adam." (Gen 2:7), "all the beasts of the field and all the birds of the air that God made of the earth." (Gen 2:19) the human body is humble and has a body derived from dust with animals. However, people have the vitality blown by God, which is spirit. People can be described as half animals and half gods.
　　
　　Your whole life is about eating, drinking, sleeping, giving birth, and having no other purpose. Do you like this all your life? In addition to maintaining life and succeeding generations, is there any other purpose and significance of life? Is the universe we live in empty, chaotic and meaningless? It's no use denying that there is God. People still continue to look for the meaning of life. Born with spirituality, we are destined to struggle hard all our life to be in harmony with the universe we live in.
　　
　　Huxley, a well-known supporter of evolution, wrote: "I absolutely agree that there is a huge gap between man and beast, because only man has the gift of speech, speaks clearly and logically." The connection between man and other primates is clearly broken. In the known universe, the human brain is the only organ capable of self understanding. What we think and do is wonderful. Memory is undoubtedly a wonderful feature of the human brain. In addition, no animal has ever worshipped God, and the innate religious tendency is the most powerful driving force in the human brain.
　　
　　Robert the evolutionist Wright was outspoken: "what is the function of humor and laughter? Why do people repent on their deathbed? What is the function of sadness? What is the use of sadness for genes when people are dead?" Elaine the evolutionist Morgan admitted: "the four major doubts caused by humans are: 1. Why do they walk with their legs? 2. Why do their fur fall off? 3. Why do their heads become so big? 4. Why do they learn to speak?" His standard answer to these questions is: we don't know yet.
　　
　　In the book "left brain specific apes", the author points out that he aims to "outline how humans evolved over time. Many conclusions are inferred from several ancient teeth, several old bones and stones". The thought of evolution also makes people doubt whether human life is sacred or not. If we don't believe in God and think we are just higher animals, why can we say that human life is sacred? Just because we have been lucky in the process of evolution, is it fair that we regard people more important than cats and dogs? The theory of evolution assumes that people come through natural selection, and the morality based on this assumption is cruel. Those who are strong and unyielding, cunning and cunning are bound to surpass those who are weak willed and credulous.
　　
　　Evolution tries to find the answer from the creatures on earth, but refuses to consult the creator in heaven. On the other hand, the Bible explains why we try to avoid doing bad things, and why only humans are deeply distressed by death. Although we are not perfect (from the dusty body, like animals), we have the image of God and his vitality (spirit). As long as we use spiritual power to overcome physical power, restore communication with God, believe in God, love God, and give glory to God. As the Apostle Paul said, killing the body with the Holy Spirit will lead to eternal life.
　　
　　76. Why don't we want to die
　　
　　There is a mystery that evolutionists still can't guess: although death seems natural and inevitable, people are reluctant to accept this reality. In fact, the Bible has long solved the mystery and revealed the truth.
　　
　　The Bible shows that people die because of human imperfections (from dusty bodies, like animals), disobeying God's orders and deliberately committing crimes. In fact, God arranged in advance to make people yearn for immortality. Ecclesiastes 3:11 "he puts the eternal consciousness in man's heart." Since God sentenced mankind to death, the world has lived in the shadow of death, suffering and loss. And animals never worry about future death, because they don't know, "one person said: people don't know the happiness of pigs, I'd like to be a happy pig. Another said: you know how pigs die, just as stupid as you."
　　
　　In order to meet the natural desire of immortality and eliminate inner contradictions, people have fabricated all kinds of truth, such as reincarnation and reincarnation. Scientists are trying to solve the mystery of aging because they also want to reverse death, or at least prolong people's life. Evolutionists don't believe in God and describe the desire for immortality as an illusion generated by the process of evolution, because this desire conflicts with their views. They think that man is just a higher animal. On the other hand, the Bible points out that death is the enemy of mankind, which is consistent with our natural desire to live. (1 Corinthians 15:26)
　　
　　So, is there any clue in our body and mind that human beings can live forever? Indeed, looking at the function of the human brain alone, we are amazed. The human brain has fully proved that we could have lived longer and that our life should not be as short as that of modern people. The brain weighs about 1.4kg and contains 10 billion to 100 billion neurons. Experts say no two of the many neurons are exactly the same. "Every neuron is an advanced computer," Scientific American said. Tony "Everyone's brain is an amazing source of power. This organ is precise and efficient. The more we know about the brain, the more we feel that the potential of the brain is inexhaustible," Buzan said Evolutionists ignore these iron facts. Why did evolution "create" an organ with infinite potential for future generations for primitive caveman or even modern people of insight? Obviously, the only reasonable explanation is that people should live forever!
　　
　　"Metabolism - the process of body and mind" points out: "the damaged bones, tissues and organs can heal themselves, and the body's metabolism is endless. In our life, the biochemical structure of the body has been updated a lot." At a predetermined time, God will continue the magical process of self-renewal forever. At that time, "death comes to nothing". (1 Corinthians 15:26)
　　
　　But to be truly happy, immortality alone is not enough. We need something else. We need peace. In other words, we must be at peace with God and our compatriots. Such peace can never be achieved unless human beings sincerely love each other. Eternal life, how beautiful the prospect is. However, since we have inherited sin, we have no right to live forever. "The wages of sin is death" (Romans 6:23). But it is gratifying that Jesus Christ, the son of God, gave his perfect life as a ransom, so that we can believe in him, remove sin and enjoy eternal life. (Matthew 20:28) believe that God can make our imperfect life perfect and get a spiritual body.
　　
　　May we never give up on the right path and obey God's command: "fight, fight for faith, and firmly hold eternal life." (1 Timothy 6:12, 19) may we cherish the truth advocated in the Bible: "know that the Lord is God; he created us, not ourselves." Love will fill the new paradise of Jehovah's justice.
　　
　　
　　
　　77. Why are Americans so happy to be the world police?
　　
　　In addition to the interests of the United States, it is also related to the history of American pioneers who went to the new world in order to seek religious freedom.
　　
　　Many early immigrants, including Puritans, came to the United States because they did not have enough religious freedom in 17th century Britain or Europe.
　　
　　In its first amendment, the U.S. Constitution guarantees freedom of religious belief, that is, freedom to choose religious belief (or not), freedom to worship openly and without fear of retaliation.
　　
　　For them, the values of freedom are linked to Christian justice. Since the founding fathers of the United States, many of them have a sense of mission. They think they are the special voters of God and have the responsibility to maintain justice in the world.
　　
　　This is right or wrong, which can be discussed, but it does reveal the potential impact of religious values. We should remember that the United States as a whole is still a country with Christianity as the mainstream culture, and 96% of people in the United States claim to believe in God.
　　
　　
　　
　　78. No one can love others as yourself, including Jesus
　　
　　The gospel of John
　　
　　12: And Mary took a pound of very expensive zhennard ointment, and anointed Jesus' feet, and wiped them with her hair. The room was filled with the smell of ointment.
　　
　　12: And one of his disciples, Judas Iscariot, who was about to betray Jesus,
　　
　　12: And he said, why don't you sell this ointment for thirty liang of silver and give it to the poor.
　　
　　12: 6 and he said this not because he cared for the poor, but because he was a thief, and took his purse, and took what was kept in it.
　　
　　12: And Jesus said unto them, let him alone: he hath reserved it for the day of my burial.
　　
　　12: For the poor are always with you. But you don't often have me.
　　
　　Gospels of Ge Yimin
　　
　　22. As long as there are people starving to death in this world, all living people are selfish. Since it is impossible to love someone as yourself, it is inevitable to lower your requirements, that is: don't be right with anyone. Everyone doesn't need to guard against anyone. How high will the life experience be.
　　
　　79. The necessity of judicial independence of Ge Theism
　　
　　Official media: After Sun Lijun was transferred to work in Beijing, he used his power and influence to help many illegal businessmen do business, and illegal businessmen sent him huge bribes.
　　
　　For example, 100% of the illegal businessmen will fight a lawsuit with you, and then you will have a good reason. The illegal businessman made a phone call to sun Lijun, Vice Minister of public security, sun Lijun, Vice Minister of public security, made a phone call to the Secretary of the municipal political and Legal Commission, and the Secretary of the municipal political and Legal Commission made a phone call to the president of the court. The outcome is self-evident.
　　
　　80. The Scripture must be fulfilled - Ge Yimin was arrested
　　
　　(fake news 1, Ge Hua hype. Rescue and Archive - 20220426 Ge Yimin)
　　
　　Luke 17:24 for on the day of his coming the son of man. But he must first suffer many hardships and be rejected by this generation.
　　
　　Ecclesiastes 4:14 this man came out of prison to be king, and I saw that all the living men who acted under the sun followed the second, and there were countless people over whom he ruled, his people.
　　
　　It seems that the last savior achieved salvation mainly through the great suffering of "prison"; "All living people in action" logically includes all people in all countries, nationalities and religions, "follow the second". From the Scripture, this Savior is indeed the second savior other than the Lord Jesus. In the future, he will be king and rule all the people, and his people will be countless.
　　
　　Ge Yimin did suffer a lot first and was rejected by this generation. And the prison came out to be king. (half prison) suffered more (22 years of hard trial) than the preaching Jesus, and also got on the cross, died and rose from the earth.
　　
　　！！！！-The above is quoted from nerve
　　
　　In recent days, netizens searching Ge Yimin will find that the relevant search appears - Ge Yimin is arrested. Today, I got confirmation from Mrs. Ge Yimin. At present, Ge Yimin is detained in Zhenjiang detention center. We went this afternoon. We are not allowed to meet. We can send things. According to the lawyer's office, it may be sentenced to 3 to 7 years, including ideological prisoners / prisoners of conscience.
　　
　　Coincidentally, if sentenced to seven years, it is 2019 predicted by the nerve. Ge Yimin's online account has been delivered to Ge Hua for maintenance through Mrs. Ge Yimin. May God keep Ge Yimin and this last era, Amen!
　　
　　September 11, 2012
　　
　　
　　
　　81. Criminal judgment of first instance in the case of Ge Yimin's crime of using a cult organization to undermine the implementation of the law
　　
　　(fake news 2, Ge Hua hype. Rescue and Archive - 20220426 Ge Yimin)
　　
　　Document No.: Zhenjiang Jingkou District People's court
　　
　　Public prosecution organ: Zhenjiang Jingkou District People's Procuratorate.
　　
　　The defendant Ge Yimin, male, born on January 26, 1969, Han nationality, is an employee of the company. He was criminally detained by Zhenjiang Public Security Bureau on September 11, 2012 for establishing a religious cult on the Internet.
　　
　　The indictment of Zhenjiang Jingkou District People's Procuratorate accused the defendant Ge Yimin of using a cult organization to undermine the implementation of the law, and filed a public prosecution with the court on September 23, 2012. After examination and acceptance, the court formed a collegial panel according to law and heard the case in public. The people's Procuratorate of Jingkou District of Zhenjiang City appointed procurators to appear in court to support the public prosecution. The defendant Ge Yimin appeared in court to participate in the lawsuit. The trial has now been concluded.
　　
　　The public prosecution accused the defendant Ge Yimin of establishing religious propaganda on the Internet from 2001 to 2012. In response to the above allegations, the public prosecution read out the confession of the defendant Ge Yimin, the testimony of the witness Wu XX, and the examination transcripts, list of seized items, physical evidence photos and other evidence of Zhenjiang Public Security Bureau. It believed that the defendant Ge Yimin's behavior violated the provisions of paragraph 1 of article 300 of the criminal law of the people's Republic of China, If it constitutes the crime of using a cult organization to undermine the implementation of the law, it shall be submitted to this court for sentencing according to law.
　　
　　The defendant Ge Yimin has no objection to the facts of the crime accused by the public prosecution.
　　
　　After trial, it was found that from 2001 to 2012, the defendant Ge Yimin founded the divine religion propaganda on the Internet and wrote nerve (nearly 80000 words at present), also known as Yemei Sutra, geyimin Sutra and Ge Yimin Sutra. As a divine religion classic, he self styled himself as a saint, prophet, Christ, son of God, Ge Yimin God and the leader of the divine religion. He posted everywhere on the Internet to establish the divine religion and divine Party (divine Communist Party). At present, there are more than ten million hits on nerve, and dozens of public believers, the so-called Ge Hua, have found nerve on overseas websites, and the news of nerve (Yemei Sutra) has appeared abroad.
　　
　　Deify yourself: before and after nerves:
　　
　　Truth: Ge Yimin, listen to him.
　　
　　Truth: believe Ge Yimin and live forever.
　　
　　The court held that the defendant Ge Yimin organized and used the cult to disrupt people's thoughts, shake the legal order of society, affect the normal order of production, life and work, and undermine the implementation of national laws and administrative regulations. His behavior constitutes the crime of organizing and using cult organizations to undermine the implementation of the law. Convicted of the charges charged by the public prosecution. According to the facts and circumstances of the defendant Ge Yimin's crime, in accordance with the provisions of the first paragraph of article 300 of the criminal law of the people's Republic of China. The judgment is as follows:
　　
　　The defendant Ge Yimin committed the crime of organizing and using a cult to undermine the implementation of the law and was sentenced to fixed-term imprisonment of seven years.
　　
　　(the term of imprisonment shall be calculated from the date of execution of the judgment. If the person is detained before the execution of the judgment, one day of detention shall be converted into one day of the term of imprisonment. That is, from September 11, 2012 to September 10, 2019).
　　
　　If you refuse to accept this judgment, you can appeal through this court or directly to Zhenjiang intermediate people's court within 10 days from the second day of receiving the judgment. For written appeal, one original and five copies of the appeal petition shall be submitted.
　　
　　November 1, 2012
　　
　　
　　
　　82. Mom, where is uncle Ge Yimin? Jiangsu second prison!
　　
　　(fake news 3, Ge Hua hype. Rescue and Archive - 20220426 Ge Yimin)
　　
　　Because Ge Yimin did not appeal after the first instance, the first instance judgment came into force. Ge Yimin has been detained in Jiangsu No. 2 prison (East Gate of Zhenjiang) for seven years and released on September 10, 2019.
　　
　　It happened to verify the prediction of new heaven and new earth in early October 2019 in nerve.
　　
　　Nerve 16. Ge Yimin is the proof of God
　　
　　4. Divine evidence.
　　
　　Ge Yimin - God - nerve - country Era
　　
　　Christ in the era of Kingdom -- Ge Yimin God.
　　
　　"Anointed" and "chosen by God" -- Ge Yimin was anointed as God. (vision 6)
　　
　　Nerve 26 (7) 13, 2019, Ge Yimin becomes God.
　　
　　Luke 17:24 for on the day of his coming the son of man... But he must first suffer many hardships and be rejected by this generation.
　　
　　Ecclesiastes 4:14 "this man came out of prison to be king. I saw that all the living people who acted under the sun followed the second, and there were countless people over whom he ruled, his people.".
　　
　　It seems that the last savior achieved salvation mainly through the great suffering of "prison"; "All living people in action" logically includes all people in all countries, nationalities and religions, "follow the second". From the Scripture, this Savior is indeed the second savior other than the Lord Jesus. In the future, he will be king and rule all the people, and his people will be countless.
　　
　　Ge Yimin did suffer a lot first and was rejected by this generation.
　　
　　And the prison came out to be king. (semi prison)
　　
　　The suffering (22 years of hard trial) was greater than that of Jesus, who preached. He also got on the cross and died and rose from the dead.
　　
　　"Ge Yimin" -- God is also the people.
　　
　　83. It is only natural that Chinese officials are forced by the Chinese people
　　
　　Because Chinese officials are forced to serve the people, they will not allow your father, your wife and your son-in-law to serve you. They do not pursue monopoly. They should trust the official ethics of Chinese officials.
　　
　　At the same time, Chinese officials also serve the RMB. When your mother, wife and daughter are comfortable, they are happy to reward some of their greedy money to your mother, wife and daughter, which can also be regarded as an indirect reward to you. In this way, Comrade Xiaoping's theory of "getting rich first and then getting rich" has been realized.
　　
　　Let some people (Chinese officials) get rich first, get rich first, and get rich later (through Chinese officials, your mother, wife and daughter), drive you to get rich later, and realize common prosperity.
　　
　　84、Gambling with Chinese officials, one is not a corrupt official. I, Ge Yimin, quit the Internet
　　
　　There is no need to talk about corruption, accepting bribes, playing with women and trading power, money, power and sex. In addition to the normal salary, taking advantage of his position to obtain other benefits, even a cigarette, a bottle of wine and a box of tea, are corrupt officials. Because people have no position to gain other benefits except for their normal wages, even a cigarette, a bottle of wine and a box of tea.
　　
　　The heroic words of a village cadre should be heard here: "I am not corrupt. Why should I be a cadre?"? ＾
　　
　　What's more, the heroic words of Comrade Wenqiang of Chongqing sounded: "if you don't covet or play with women, who can rest assured of promoting you? ＾
　　
　　If a Chinese official comes forward to prove that he has not made use of his position to obtain other benefits except for his normal salary, even a cigarette, a bottle of wine and a box of tea, Ge Yimin will immediately quit the Internet after verification.
　　
　　Dear Chinese officials, dare you bet with me, Ge Yimin?
　　
　　85. Compare with Chinese officials
　　
　　Bust (communism).
　　
　　In socialist countries, communism and the international anthem are sensitive words, and discussion is forbidden. Nor does it mention the ultimate goal of Communism: "each according to his ability and distribute according to his needs", but to realize the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation (the Chinese dream).
　　
　　Director Chang of a hospital in Zhenjiang, I asked him, "are you a party member?" A: "of course", well, I'm very proud. I talked about communism with him, and he said, "who else believes this now?" I said, "you are a party member, but how dare you say so?" He immediately walked away with a sneer.
　　
　　Now that the Chinese have joined the party, who believes in communism? In order to apply for a job and get promoted, the people said, "party ticket".
　　
　　Ge Yimin God:
　　
　　Nerve Chapter 10 declaration of Christian communism 152. Ge Yimin was born a communist, or Ge Yimin was born for communism.
　　
　　Chapter XVIII socialized mass production and Internet revolution 41. In today's two major (socialized mass production and Internet revolution), the material conditions have been met to realize Ge Yimin's doctrine and realize the Communist society. Only when the spiritual conditions are met, that is, to renew the human mind, the gospel of Ge Yimin is spread all over the world and accepted by mankind.
　　
　　Chapter 19 world government and Datong world 38, 20191001 Ge Yimin became God. From then on, human life became better and better, until 20331126 world Datong.
　　
　　Waist circumference (thought and belief).
　　
　　Chinese officials no longer believe in communism and have no political beliefs. Now they believe in power, money and lust. They are busy with getting promoted, getting rich and playing with women every day.
　　
　　Ge Yimin has faith in Christianity communism, or theocracy communism, or theocracy Ge Yimin. Every day, I am busy writing nerves, sending nerves and preaching gospel. At present, nerves have 1million words.
　　
　　Nerve Chapter 13 transmission
　　
　　10. In 2004, the first draft of nerve (Yemei Jing, Ge Yimin Jing) was written into the publishing network, and then it was continuously updated and published.
　　
　　11. In 2012, the establishment of a theocracy and a theocratic party was made clear as a value rather than an organization.
　　
　　12. 2012 C 19, peacefully export the harmonious values of Ge Yimin, and the content is nerve.
　　
　　13. 20191001, Ge Yimin became a God.
　　
　　14. 2019 C 2033, the gospel of Ge Yimin spread all over the world and was accepted by the world.
　　
　　15. 20331126, Great Harmony in the world.
　　
　　Hip circumference (for the poor).
　　
　　Nerve Chapter 21 political commentary
　　
　　22. Ge yiminshen police station Adventure
　　
　　I admit that China's economy is developing, but the gap between the rich and the poor is too large. I am a communist. The police said you were for someone poorer than you. The Communist Party is fighting for the poor to win power. Now the Communist Party is no longer fighting for the poor, just to protect and improve its own interests of being richer than the people. Now it's our turn to fight for the poor.
　　
　　23. Subpoena, detention, imprisonment and shooting four packages, which is too heavy for life
　　
　　I said I was a communist, and I had only one idea: all the poor people should live better. Policeman B said it was impossible.
　　
　　All three sides are inferior to people. Chinese officials can rest!
　　
　　
　　
　　86. The biggest lie in history - serving the people
　　
　　Serving the people is not the original creation of our party, but learned from the Kuomintang. The synonym is people's public servant. The servant (public servant) must be lower than the servant (people), such as treatment and food. Just as eunuchs serve the emperor, their treatment and food must be lower than that of the emperor.
　　
　　During the three-year "natural disaster", people ate bran, bark and Guanyin soil, while Comrade Mao Zedong ate dozens of dishes, Wuchang fish and other fish and shrimp (with online picture menu). Why can't you Mao Zedong eat bran, bark and Guanyin soil?
　　
　　People are hospitalized when they are sick. There are four rooms, three rooms and two rooms. Those with money can live in single rooms at most. Comrade Zhu Rongji was hospitalized by doctors and nurses on the first floor (with online pictures). Why can't you Zhu Rongji live in four rooms, three rooms and two rooms? You can live in a single room at most if you have money. Our party has always been "from the masses, to the masses." Did you Zhu Rongji go among the masses? Aren't you divorced from the masses, or even afraid of them?
　　
　　Look at the evil public servants of capitalist countries:
　　
　　Former US Secretary of state Pompeo washed dishes at home when he was in office.
　　
　　After former Japanese Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama retired, he rode his bicycle to the streets alone.
　　
　　British Prime Minister Johnson rode a bike to the supermarket to shop. When he went to the supermarket door, he also locked his broken car with a long chain lock, which was afraid of being stolen:)
　　
　　When Shinzo Abe, the former Prime Minister of Japan, was in office, he lived in an apartment with his old mother, washing clothes, dishes and garbage by himself. Nannies were not invited, let alone government service personnel.
　　
　　Who is serving the people?
　　
　　There are 600 million people in China, whose monthly income is only 1000 yuan (Premier Li Keqiang said), but a state-level public servant costs 100 million a year, including drivers, guards, secretaries, chefs, waiters, etc... Who serves whom???
　　
　　You said that serving the people is working for the people, and the treatment and food should be higher than the people. Then I say, eunuchs serve the emperor, of course, they must work for the emperor, but eunuchs' treatment and food are higher than the emperor, isn't it strange!!!
　　
　　Don't you understand? We are a feudal society!!! The people are eunuchs, and the so-called public servants are emperors.
　　
　　87. From religious politics to cultural literature
　　
　　Subpoena 20220811
　　
　　Xuefu Road police station
　　
　　6:30-8:30 PM
　　
　　In Jingkou branch, a leader a talks and a police officer B records
　　
　　A Take out a small camera (like the small flip phone in the past) and point it at me.
　　A
　　
　　You have a great influence. Everyone knows it, and we all worship you.
　　
　　The top always asks us to find you, and we can't help it.
　　
　　Gehua global assembly number. Recently, many people sent emails to join (cheat me).
　　
　　I:
　　
　　I just posted a post. It was a Yangzhou person who joined. I posted the assembly number. It was a list more than ten years ago. There were my small number and my registered female overseas student classmate. Other people didn't contact me after they joined by mail.
　　
　　I do not oppose the party. Ideologically, I am a communist and in line with the party; Emotionally, the party trained me to go to university.
　　
　　I just pursue equality for all, communism.
　　
　　A
　　
　　Communism requires the efforts of several or more generations. (Comrade Jiang Zemin is the hard work of more than ten generations and tens of generations. A is 2000 years ahead of schedule:)
　　
　　B
　　
　　Ge Yimin's article is sharp, "the biggest lie in history -- serving the people", ah!
　　
　　(open my official website), "Ge Yimin cult enslaves all mankind", ah!
　　
　　(listen to me, my nerves have been a million words.) ah!
　　
　　A
　　
　　You have twitter and Facebook. There are many people who won't let you climb over the wall. People with ulterior motives will use "Ge Yimin", a signboard.
　　
　　And he has repeatedly stressed that people with ulterior motives will take advantage of it: "I see that people in China say so."
　　
　　You are in the Chinese Department of NTU. You are good at it.
　　
　　Seeing the female version of Ge Yimin's head, I was nervous and asked who it was?
　　
　　Add me to wechat, and I will introduce myself to "God website www.gegod.com www.20331126.xyz" nerves "and" Ge Shen Yi Wen Lu " I feel sensitive. Let me get rid of it.
　　
　　Are you religious? (I'm afraid I'm religious.)
　　
　　I:
　　
　　If I don't believe in religion, it's a terrible thing for Christians to treat God and Christ. When I ride on the head of God and Christ, I am two levels higher than God and Christ, and I am arrogant.
　　
　　I didn't say: "I'm actually a founder":
　　
　　A
　　
　　I won't let you be a website, let me be a website, let me write, turn the direction of culture and literature, and write novels.
　　
　　Finally, let me dissolve four QQ groups (GE Yimin 1, 2, 3 and 4), one wechat group (Ziwei SAGE), and two wechat official account (GE Yimin, literature and culture 20331126 < original Shenjiao, Tengxun has changed its name >). Let's rebuild culture and literature.
　　
　　Two official website domain names: www.gegod COM www.20331126.xyz from the religious, political, cultural and literary direction.
　　
　　。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。
　　
　　A:
　　
　　How can these contents still exist after closing
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　This is a novel
　　
　　A:
　　
　　OK, I suggest you change the name
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　OK, I'll change it.
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Two public accounts have been cancelled
　　
　　A:
　　
　　OK, thank you for your cooperation. It's late. Take care of yourself and have an early rest
　　
　　。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。。
　　
　　That is, the official website of Ge Shenyi was changed to ge Yimin Yi Wen Lu.
　　
　　B is also sensitive to "God Ge". Don't write about God Ge.
　　
　　〃〃Nerve 27 (3) 298. Huanyu must be prosperous: GE
　　
　　Elder brother Zhenjiang, who has passed the age of knowing his destiny, has a good job and wrote a book on nerves.
　　
　　He didn't have an accident because he didn't make a big impact.
　　
　　
　　88. Who is God?
　　
　　God (God): the creator, the creator and master of all things in the universe.
　　
　　The concept of Creator originates from Abraham's three monotheistic religions (Judaism, Christianity and Islam), which originated from the single god worshipped by ancient Hebrews.
　　
　　Confucianism: The Chinese Confucian classics The Book of Songs, The Book of History, The Book of Rites and the Twenty Four Histories contain the concept of supreme God -- God.
　　
　　Buddhism: It is believed that the universe can not be created by the power of one god of a certain king, but is caused by the karma of all living beings. Do not believe in the creator of the universe, and worship multiple images.
　　
　　Taoism: Haotian Jade Emperor, the "emperor" in the sky, and the supreme ruler of the world of gods.
　　
　　Hinduism: Brahma, the God of Creation, is called three main gods together with Vishnu and Shiva. However, among the gods, the one who is superior to other gods is the highest god, and is the representative of the gods, with absolute authority. For example, Shiva is the highest and only god of Shiva Sect, and Brahman and Vishnu are subordinate to Shiva. Vishnu sect regards Vishnu as the only god.
　　
　　Judaism: The Hebrew Bible, Talmud, Midrash.
　　
　　Creator, who creates and dominates the universe and all created things.
　　
　　Moses was the greatest of the prophets.
　　
　　The Messiah, the Savior, will come and be expected every day, never slacking.
　　
　　Christianity: God is the only true God in the trinity (Father, Son and Holy Spirit), believing in Jesus Christ as the Savior and taking the Bible as the classic.
　　
　　Islam: Allah (Allah) is the sole master, who creates all things in the universe and nurtures the world. The classic is the Koran, and Muhammad is the last and greatest prophet.
　　
　　Is God the Creator in the Hebrew Bible? Or the Lord and Jesus in the Bible? Or Allah in the Koran?
　　
　　They themselves contradict each other: Judaism does not recognize the divinity of Jesus Christ, does not recognize that people can be saved through Jesus, still waits for the Messiah, and only regards Jesus as a teacher.
　　
　　Christianity itself is a heretical sect of Judaism.
　　
　　Islam only regards Jews and Christians as scriptures, but believes that the Bible has been tampered with and only recognizes Jesus as a prophet.
　　
　　The correct and safe answer is: not necessarily.
　　
　　Divinity: The classic "Nerve" believes in Ge Yimin God.
　　
　　Nerve 12:75 My God's name is God, that is, "I am God, and you should listen to him (Ge Yimin)." The one of.
　　
　　We think about the existence of the Creator and look forward to his personal enlightenment...!!!
　　
　　Nerve 1. In the autumn of 2001, Ge Yimin took a nap in a big bed at his home in Zhenjiang. In a strange dream, God said, "I am God, you should listen to him (Ge Yimin)." I woke up immediately and felt magical about "referring to Ge Yimin". At that time, my wife and children were at home. (Ge Yimin was anointed as God.).
　　
　　Nerve 11:90 God is invisible, but visible is the prophet. Jehovah cannot see, Jesus can see; Allah is invisible, Muhammad is visible; God is invisible, but Ge Yimin is visible. Christianity preaches Jesus, Islam preaches Muhammad, and theology preaches Ge Yimin.
　　
　　91. Christians do not believe in God, but in Jesus, the God revealed by Jesus; Muslims believe not in God, but in Muhammad, the God revealed by Muhammad; The disciples of God believed in Ge Yimin, the God revealed by Ge Yimin.
　　
　　89. Contemporary Christian Communism (Ge Shen)
　　
　　Inside and outside are not people.
　　
　　1. Christianity does not like to see me, saying I am heretical;
　　
　　2. Anti fundamentalists do not like to see me, saying I am Christian.
　　
　　3. The Communist Party of China does not want to see you, and calls me a heresy;
　　
　　4. Zhang Xianzhong didn't want to see him. He called me a communist.
　　
　　Christian communism itself:
　　
　　1. Christianity does not want to see us, saying that we are communists;
　　
　　2. Communism does not want to see me, but calls me Christian.
　　
　　However, communism originated from Christianity and began as Christian communism (Weitlin).
　　
　　Nerve 10 21. Communism was first proposed by Christian theologians. As a theory, communism was first founded by Christian theologians, and the concepts of "distribution according to work, distribution according to demand (pay according to demand)" were also first proposed by these theologians.
　　
　　Christian communists all over the world, where are you?
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　

Chapter 22 psalms
　　Literature of young ge yimin
　　1. Great Wall fu
　　The Great Wall was as strong as the sky. Qin and yan ground, north resistance shuo north wind. Er lai is 2,800 years old, thing unexpectedly grows 10 thousand li. The dragon sleeping on the ground can stand up and shake the han wei. The han family suffered several times the son is difficult, then the emperor is standing tall north wind. In the north, I can no longer live in the south. Qin shi huang was linked together with the emperor, and later he was a historical scholar. Han family good jiangshan, three emperors and five emperors two empress dowager, the world several adversity, people say that you know. Ask king daming jiangshan good, four hundred years too peaceful. But sorrow comes to no good, while peace comes to no good. The king rode across the mountain.
　　The magnificence of the Great Wall makes people see this mouth closed. Where the mountain meets the smoke, the pines are empty. The forest height autumn wind rises, wei ling deep ditch moan, its strong like this. Those who go far away from their husband hope that you can not see, go farther still forward. The wind blows in, you suffer from humiliation, I for the shame of the latter foreign to the Great Wall. One man rejoices in the distress of the peoples; another is bent on murder. The sleeping lion will not wake, the dragon will remain forever. The grandeur of the Great Wall makes the sky blue.
　　2, stranger in heaven --- memorial sanmao
　　Month of 2001 yuan, MeiXue race fang, helpless, and may cause the heaven in the stranger before yue: I think three hairs from near the turbid, inchoate bigotries so far every fifty seven years, and have three hair less than YuJiGui it the quality is good, the sex is less than YuJiJie snow and ice, god leaves is the lack of it as its essence, it is pretty spends months less than its color.
　　500 years ago to take an Indian in grey,
　　Ten years ago, I came to Taipei rong general hospital.
　　Sanmao told him how tired he was.
　　The grey man spread his white wings,
　　Sanmao finally put down her Sahara,
　　It's another start,
　　Strangers in paradise,
　　And sat on the right hand of the Lord,
　　She was surprised to find,
　　I've been chasing the Sahara all my life,
　　But he appeared in the kingdom of the Lord.
　　But sanmao was still repeating the last words of the people,
　　So another trimao repeats to people another Sahara,
　　He must be a stranger in heaven,
　　Because the planet doesn't have its place.
　　3. Hillside sheep. Watching "yuanmingyuan with fire"
　　The ministers were far away, the allied forces wreaked havoc, and the people ran aground. Facing the ancient capital, my heart is still lingering, and I have been sad for a hundred years.
　　The palace has paid the fire. Garden, made earth; Country, did earth!
　　Since the night
　　Door door pushed Windows to hear the language, the mask lamp to sleep listening to insects. Life is full of ups and downs.
　　Since the problem
　　Vicissitudes of life over the past days for more, the four unforgettable moving words. The east wind to this old people, the end of the cangshan half.
　　Corn poppy
　　It's hard to see each other when we meet. Eyes to language tears first full, long, should know the cowherd and weaver girl laugh us.
　　You are the only one who is difficult to ask. Tears surface wet skirt can not see, not confidant tears have a beach full.
　　4. Reply slip:
　　Distant mountain cold water autumn wind evil
　　An empty jug that warms the beauty of wine is sad
　　Bad wind, cold mountains far away
　　Wine in the kettle is empty.
　　5. Sunrise all over shandong, enze warm and grass hair
　　The moon from the sky has also been the world sprinkling boon light around
　　There were two men dressed in two coats on the bus, saying that this was the traffic bureau
　　The bus still wanted to open an old woman's door to climb the ticket agent road one stop at a dime
　　From the mountains to the city and from the river to the river and the sea each state
　　From the solstice cloud to the wind from the wind to the wall from the wall to the rat
　　Secretary zhao often went to the countryside full of ghosts to see his mother sing what do not take the masses
　　Chief qian branch room always small cabinet full go you niang egg song what big selfless not avaricious not to accept
　　Director sun call work again and again backdoor open to turn over your ancestor blow up what righteousness to kill the same
　　Li kechang visits every wine every eight generations to admire the parents of the official people's parents.
　　I send my relatives to my home
　　The father is a spade
　　My son is studying at a cold window
　　Think of cattle and horses in the field
　　Do not know lovesickness another week.
　　
　　8. Poems of three
　　
　　When a child who knows Numbers counts one, two, three, a poem is produced.
　　I'm not a poet, of course I can't write poetry, but I still can't figure it out:
　　Why there are only three "heaven and earth" in this world? Why are they the beginning of everything? Is not life two, two, three, and everything? Only three, can have the intention of increase, development?
　　Our motherland always source far, why only three emperors? Fusiliers bore fire, and fire, the symbol of the sun, is the emperor; Fu xi everywhere, is called the emperor; And god farming land, is the emperor. Is there another emperor? No. Why is that? I don't know.
　　Why do people only have three lights, "sun and moon", only they can give people light, hope and eternal enthusiasm. Why only three generations of xia, shang and zhou in history have the right to represent the slave civilization of our country?
　　Our motherland has always been the state of propriety and righteousness, but this and three what relations, slant leave so many allusion. Huan gong three side three bath to meet guan zhong, chong er three retreat three she reported to the king. Wasn't Lord xuande also the one who attacked wolong three times? Why did the ancients want three concessions? Why does it take three bows to show true respect? Why does it take three knocks to get the owner's answer? Even before the execution, the ancients to chase soul cannon, also want three rings?
　　People say things are only three, but why? Zhu jia zhuang is not three dozen can not break, gao tai wei is not three defeat does not return. Why don't the three countries do it? Did zhou gong jin also want three chi square to die?
　　Why is that? I don't understand.
　　A few years ago, did not see three words on the wall, the factory sign everywhere? They are the precocious "workers, peasants and soldiers", and only they can represent the people of our country.
　　Why do national leaders propose to put three big ball up, but there are many ball games in the sports world.
　　When men exert themselves, they do not count one, two, three, and then one thing is done. Why not count four?
　　Why left center right, top center bottom, front center back?
　　I don't get it.
　　Oh, three is the beginning of all things, is a true poem.
　　9. Over 0.dingyang (senior 1)
　　What's hard to come by,
　　Long dreams come to an end.
　　When a good friend rises and leaves,
　　Why is the world difficult to hero.
　　A scholar of the art, but a scholar of the art,
　　A man has been lifted up and sighed.
　　Where is not a sigh,
　　The moon shines on me.
　　My mother
　　The greatest thing in the world is the love of a mother. "Mengs fang fang" "mother-in-law chizi"... I would also like to praise the mother, my mother is a typical rural women, however, born from village, married with the village, she 1 6 meters tall, yuan yuan is a little fat face, his black hair has to have a couple of silver, the corners of the mouth is always with a kind smile, she read only is high, dropout home work, I have to painfully admitted: "my mother is ordinary."
　　But I wanted to praise my mother, for she was my mother, and no one said, "I can never repay my mother for the pain she caused me." When I was the coldest, my mother paid twice as much as others, and I should repay her twice as much.
　　I will write hymns, but I am not a poet, only a few memories to express all my love for my mother.
　　Every mother is love their children, the mother love love too selfish, seems to be a beast, remember when I just read primary school, a school, for some reason, several female students around me, make up, after I cheated, of course, face broken, after her mother know, it took me home at night to go to that a few girl, don't want to argue with somebody else for her, because she loves me. They laughed at each other afterwards, but I did not get beaten again.
　　I remember one time when my mother came home from work and asked me to pour water for her. When I held the bowl close to her, it broke to the ground. I cried and she didn't scold me out of the blue.
　　Busy team on the night work, every time we get a good meal, mother wake us to eat, once, the next morning said did not eat, so mothers laugh and cry.
　　Mother always gets up very early, she wants to cook breakfast, remember once mother just woke up, I also woke up, she said very want to sleep a little bit more, I said: "let me up, I do not sleep, you sleep will!" I wanted so much to be a substitute for my mother. She was too tired.
　　The mother is also a very kind-hearted person, once a girl was bitten by a dog outside the village to collect eggs, the blood on the leg, the mother saw that, immediately ran home, to her home yunnan baiyao put on, so grandmother old say she is not. I thought my mother was right, but I also thought my grandmother had a point. The mother also once for the village a young man matchmaking, paid a lot of painstaking efforts, but the marriage did not succeed.
　　Mother is very dutiful to grandma, once grandma hospitalization, eating no food, mother specially made dumplings for her to eat, sick friends in the same room also praise her mother.
　　My mother would beat and scold me or punish me. Once I take brother hat behind the play and great-grandparent stop me, I won't let, he says otherwise throw the hat to the outside, because is my brother's hat, also didn't afraid of him, he really did so, the mother thought that is what I lost, then scold me, then I cried with you, she know is my great grandfather, then to me ask for forgiveness, at this time but I feel is wrong, just forget about it.
　　One night, my mother went to tangbian to wash clothes, I went to shine the torch, she suddenly asked me growing up is not good to her? Hen-pecked? I could not answer at that time. Although I was thinking about how to honor her and earn money for her when I grew up, it was too far away.
　　Mother gave me a lot of emotions, or love or hate, or love or anger, or sad or music, or beating or scolding, maybe this will make up the whole motherly love.
　　My mother is ordinary, speaking of my mother, I do not have a lofty image and character. I only think of a 6 meter tall, round slightly fat face, ears of black hair but a few silver threads, mouth always with a kind smile of women. I loved her and praised her because she was a real mother.
　　11. (1)
　　Look like mama from a distance,
　　It looks like a dog.
　　(2),
　　Look like a wall from a distance,
　　It looks like a wall.
　　More and more like a wall,
　　It was the wall.
　　(3),
　　The old woman in aerobics,
　　SAO dig dug.
　　(4),
　　I want to go,
　　Television stations.
　　Can be,
　　The communist party,
　　Don't I.
　　Connotation of young ge yimin:
　　You must be farting
　　You must be crazy
　　The moon was still pale
　　Your mouth must stink
　　You must have never been in kindergarten
　　Dad goes to the bathroom
　　Look at grandma's B
　　Have no bed well
　　If you have money to eat, you have no money to sleep.
　　12. The couplet of Lin qingmin and his wife:
　　The revolution has not become a teenager often against spoony woman
　　A comrade who is still a comer must be the first to die
　　Cao zhi meng DE cao a concealment
　　Liu bei xuande, uncle liu
　　You love us all, you hate us all, you love us all, you hate us all, you hate us all
　　I do my work.. I do my work.. I do my work.. I do my work.. I do my work
　　Tomorrow comes with morality
　　Dombrocan is the author of the article
　　Back in those days, mulberry yu bowed to the old guidance to express his ambition
　　Back after the age of my people day and day when kuo dongzuo to get the desire to report chunhui late
　　14, bee curse
　　Poor wasp has a home
　　There are no trees in the nest
　　The loving mother hunted far away
　　A pheasant keeps its own nest
　　A child without knowledge is a fire
　　The little nest was suddenly in a cloud
　　The fire was out of sight for a moment
　　The queen returned with a runny nose
　　Three turns round a tree
　　The inability to stop the broken bowel.
　　15. Graduation
　　Finish -- good junior high school, turn to read between, six study spend cold summer, teenager, how short, streamer, how fast, see the past didi sweat, regret? -- -- -- -- -- no!
　　to
　　When a snowflake comes from the outside of heaven, it will fall to the bottom of your heart.
　　There is no graceful poem in tang dynasty, song dynasty, and yuan dynasty, which is composed of one and a half poems. The snowflake did not stay, all pay in a dream.
　　Make all your friends
　　Read all over the world
　　meet
　　The rooster claps at the door,
　　Master,
　　Roll out of bed, open the door and look out.
　　Have a guest?
　　One cold, wind
　　Drill sleeves, shame!
　　I know this by remembering the dream.
　　16. Mr. Zhong tu
　　Mr HuaYangRen also, quiet few words, he don't have to, good reading, what seems hungry, GuPin, not have to, but since school, each taste will be competitive, headed by self. Every time, he always unforgettable, and the surface that already. Every time the wind and enjoy the moon have regrets, all the world, what you see and know, that, love, after they abandon oneself, only has the ear for the sound of the wind, eyes in colour of the month, as ever, an inexhaustible. Die zhong tu, ai ai zhong tu, do nothing, not on the reputation, he fu he looked, long wind, night of the heart, a stubborn, the end of hanzi zhong qiu.
　　The scenery of lijiang river is green with bamboo and water
　　Poems written by poets in guizhou are in Chinese style
　　The world is strangers
　　Here is the independent voice
　　The sky is empty to mulberry yu
　　I deserve to be honored
　　17. Boolean operator
　　Think hard can not say, other family how many sorrow, my father often bow things, dark son's heart. Do not bother to say, only sigh when unremunerated, when he is happy day, chunhui newspaper xu.
　　Broken days
　　The body rests wushan heavy building, numerous flowers green shadow river wave. The heart has luo fan pu hua butterfly, only because the child did not swim, but sigh. The sky over thousands of sail, fly slave worry, can not look back to think long and easy, when to think about love for the rest, head back to lower the head.
　　The world situation why, Chen shimei road young often negative spoony female
　　When the affairs of heaven were settled, the son of heaven said that the house of loneliness was indeed worthy of wang min
　　Sugar is sweet and bitter.
　　"There is bitter sugar in the world, who eats it? Just kidding." Oh, my dear reader, don't be angry. Let me plead. Let me tell you something true.
　　It was an afternoon, I was reading at home, when my father came excitedly through the door and gave me a handful of sugar. For reasons unknown, I am no longer a child. In a short time, I knew that a little thing had happened in the village.
　　That afternoon, several women in the village were working in the quiet, deserted land. Suddenly, a sack full of things fell off a moving tractor. The driver didn't notice. There was no pedestrian on the road. After a while, several women came to the road, everyone was stunned for a while, a woman went to unpack the bag, suddenly found it was a bag of candy, a burst of Shouting, so several women rushed up, some quickly took the bag, some took off clothes bag, not a meeting, divided up, and then all happy rushed back to the village. In the village of course meet a few people, then everyone get a handful, calculate not a few, can everyone be in disrelish little, think since be from outside, want to enjoy together, can those a few women be refused however, now already belong to oneself, be worth to cherish. My father asked for one.
　　My brother and I ate the sugar in a moment, and our house was calm as if nothing had happened. It doesn't seem to matter much to my family.
　　In the evening, I was reading a book, my great-grandfather accompanied me and my younger brother, suddenly the neighbor Mrs. Zhang walked in, and also held a large quantity of sugar. It was understood that she would eat us. My great-grandfather said with a smile, "I am not happy to eat this food. Although it is sweet, it is bitter in my heart." My brother and I, of course, don't care about any of this. "She also scolded her daughter-in-law," she is a real money fan, and said to sell to the town, not afraid of jokes, I did not permit her ". It turned out that her daughter-in-law had got sugar and wanted to change money. My great-grandfather did not eat that candy all the time, but Mrs. Zhang ate a few by herself.
　　The whole village was excited, for everyone was more or less rewarded, but what about the sugar man? How worried he will be. How unfortunate, seem to everyone all didn't think of, say at most: "deserved, who don't ask him to put good."
　　Sugar is sweet, is made with sweet sugar cane, sweet in the mouth, also sweet in the heart, but today come to think of, nose can't help but sour, the mouth seems to be really a bit bitter.
　　Then I know that the sugar is bitter, zeng zu's words are right, but Mrs. Zhang, her daughter-in-law, my father, and I and my brother, how did not notice?
　　
　　19. "3" and the "Bible" and history and reality
　　The number 3 is the most important number in the Bible. Jesus was resurrected three days after his death. The prophet Jonah was in the belly of the fish for three days and three nights. When Jesus changed his face, Peter had to set up three sheds (and Moses and Elijah) , Jesus prayed three times in Gethsemane, Peter denied the Lord three times, Judas betrayer got thirty silver coins, Jesus "I can tear down the temple of God and build it in three days." Paul waited for three years, the Lord¨s three Ten years, the Trinity.......
　　There are so many tricolor flags in European countries.
　　Ancient British poem: "One penny is called 1, two pennies are called 2, and many are called 3", and 3 represents many.
　　Chinese history: Three talents in heaven and earth, three light, sun, moon and stars, three emperors (Suiren, Fuxi, Shennong), three generations of Xia, Shang and Zhou, Huangong three banks and three baths to welcome Guan Zhong, Chong'er, three retreats and three houses to become kings, three visits to Maolu, The ancients made three bows, bowed three times, shot the soul-chaser three times before the execution, beat Zhujiazhuang three times, defeated Gao Taiwei three times, three kingdoms stand together, three spirits Zhou Gongjin...
　　Dao begets one, one life two, two begets three, three begets everything.
　　Left middle right, top middle bottom, front middle back.
　　Reality: Three representatives, three stresses.
　　Our three lives: material, social, and religious.
　　Turn on the TV: Sanjing, Sanjin, Samsung, Sanzheng, Sanle pulp, Suntory, Sansen, Sanxin, Mitsubishi, Sanzhu, Sanbei...
　　3 is the largest decimal number (1, 2, 3), and the smallest large number (3, 4, 5...).
　　In the Bible, ＾God used the dust on the ground to create a man, and breathed life into his nostrils, and he became a living being with spirit.￣ In the oracle bone inscriptions, ＾qi￣ is written as ＾three￣, which is also the hexagram of Zhouyi.
　　"Three" is Qi, that is, spirit, which is the purpose and only destination of human existence.
　　God is a spirit, and the kingdom of God is in our hearts. "
　　
　　20. Six volume Memoirs of Ge Shenyi Wen Lu
　　
　　1. Ge Shen's age of Innocence (January 1969 C July 1990)
　　
　　2. Ge Shen's Jianghu years (June 1989 C July 1990)
　　
　　3. Ge Shen's flying over the madhouse (December 1990 - present)
　　
　　4. Ge Shen and his women (August 1990 - present)
　　
　　5. Ge Shen's network career (March 2001 C today)
　　
　　6. Ge Shen's road to becoming God (April 2001 C today)
　　
　　Shenwang link:
　　
　　http://www.gegod.com/god.html
　　
　　

Chapter 23 diary
　　1, the sequence
　　I try to accomplish something, but in the face of an ordinary day, quietly dismissed, silent no trace.
　　Today, suddenly discover what, want a resolution one time. Can insist? Wipe your eyes.
　　"Keep the consecutive years," I thought.
　　So I began to know.
　　2. Yesterday, I was ready to sleep, but I suddenly thought of Chen gang (xu qian), so I fell asleep. When I thought of the first time I met him, I liked to meet new friends. I saw him at first sight, his hair was a little long, and his ears were covered. The white face is round and square, without beard, white and red, with a beautiful nose and sky carving, with autumn in his eyes, and with fine eyebrows, very charming. From the side, you can see that he talks with full teeth, gorgeous and charming. Walking is free and easy. To see is to remember, to think is to be mad. He liked every move, every dress. The day knows night to think, I then cranks to think, does not sleep simply, altogether he but saves, the career develops together. Then again really shouldn't, only deplored nothing.
　　3. When we were doing morning exercises, we just got in line. A tractor was climbing a small post, but several times it did not go up. So are the teachers.
　　4. This afternoon, the class will choose cadres. The teacher mentioned some temporary cadres and some students with good performance. So I was chosen in groups, and several were chosen in groups, and somebody mentioned me, and I blocked them, and they wouldn't let me, and they wrote seven male students, and I said I should write a girl, and I took the paper, and crossed me out, and wrote a girl (seven), and they blamed me, and I thought, it would be a shame for a group to have me. I was surprised to find that three of the four groups had me, and all of them had me, except for the other four. Then, on a show of hands, 36 of the 41 in the class voted me second. Unexpectedly schoolmates can believe me, and discovers unexpectedly xu qian also raised me, a shock spirit, good satisfiedly. The teacher said again that the teacher had a good reaction to me. After class committee meeting, the head teacher said teachers response well. Later, Chen bin and I went back to the dormitory and met the head teacher. He called me and told me that the teacher had a good reaction in the past. Can I save it? I don't know, I don't even feel it!
　　Today is Sunday. I was listening to crosstalk in the morning when li hongtao called out. I looked at him, but I saw a man behind him. So I am a happy, then stepped forward, called the "mother", her hand twist, empty, told me: "go away, give you buy clothes," I will not, she said deliberately come, I will go with her, department store building, through the market, to the clothing store, she told me to pick, two women, a 30 years old, and a 20 years old or so, I'll pick a pants, is blue and black, 11 piece of much money, I am very satisfied, the pants are popular. Bought later, she told me to buy a jacket, I just don't, she is strong to pull, I don't know what taste in the heart, said gratitude, not enough, she is my mother, so I will know is a mother's love, s for me to pick a, too free, this a pocket, that a line, that is suitable for young people, I don't like my mother told me to try them on, I will wear, she says the dignity. When I said no, again to choose, I have a crush on a bright yellow jacket, is a suit, and said, wear a waist, mother also feel accord, he paid the money, is 18, the way the mother also said to buy a watch for me, I said don't hastily, know the time in school, she said I small uncle have a table, is the watch case is broken, I didn't say anything, she said I play good, sweaters are made of sprouting, very thick. I say National Day go back, arrive the dormitory a short while, she then walk, I saw her off to the station, after buying ticket to the station, I walk, once walk out of the door, she chase up again, tell me to want to study earnestly, also pay attention to the body, I one promise, then walk.
　　Mother came, with thirty dollars and love for me, mother left, a son's clothes and love, what can I give mother? Grateful? Nonsense! Is she my mother? Yes, what reward? Grow up and make money? Of course it's necessary, but it's too cheesy. Can a mother's love be measured in money? So I thought about learning, right! I want people to know my family and my mother. Mother, do you know?
　　Today, the school pack film "undersea catch the enemy", the same film "comrade, you must be vigilant", after watching, I was very surprised, do not want to peaceful motherland still have so many enemies, and for some Chinese people in the Chinese soil for foreign (Soviet) agents, information and regret. Are they just for the money? I do not know that I admire the people's liberation army, the people's liberation army, militia, I would like to say: "I thank you ah!"
　　7, tonight, fill out the study on the date of birth, I remember I was for more than 1969 New Year's day, instead of the Spring Festival (born December 14), should also be born in 1969, according to the Gregorian calendar), but I used the lunar calendar, was born in 1968, I changed, the small is one year old, into a 16 years old (a monkey, nominal age), and a monkey should be seventeen years old. I was seven when I went to school. My grandma told me that the day I was born was the coldest day of the year. It was 12 degrees below zero. Before she went to bed, her grandmother thought, "don't have a baby tonight," but soon my father called to her. "The coldest time of the year," I remember forever.
　　I suddenly realized what I was missing.
　　9, this afternoon, the school open a school party, by the secretary yao's speech, the topic will be "completely denying the great cultural revolution", his speech is divided into two parts, first talk about the cultural revolution is going on and its harm, "this is launched by leadership (MAO) errors, used by Lin biao, jiang qing, two counter-revolutionary group, has caused a serious loss to the party, country and people of a catastrophe," he also cited the example of eating big-pot roce, I am very familiar with production team to work, man is a day, women's eight points and can work 6 or 7 points. He said that one month after the death of chairman MAO zedong, the "gang of four" was shattered, but what if chairman MAO died? Unthinkable, man?
　　10, I to BiQingYuan for a little bit of soap powder, washing the clothes, beside the water cleaning, xu qian and a companion to wash your hands, my heart a mess, hurriedly out dirty water in the basin, one after the water, her companions began to wash, one on this side, I ran into the water, pick up a little and get out of the way, xu qian to wash, I think she had just come to say: "oh, so many people," alas, the heart of the people, heaven knows?
　　11. On the way to the drugstore, suddenly I saw wang qun at the corner of the road. She and a girl were eating big cakes and talking and laughing as they came towards me. I glanced at her and saw a smile. She did not seem to see me, perhaps on purpose. What am I? Rare. Wang qun, on the street, I am alone.
　　Grandma whispered, "Taiwan has money again. One hundred dollars is equivalent to two hundred and sixty yuan. The letter has not come yet."
　　13, see zheng renxiang in say, I then asked a sentence what, she said when to hand in the fee, I say: "casually," suddenly found xu qian in the back, hand on back, a burst of joy. Zheng renxiang then said to the companion, still did not leave, I then did not know where to come of cleverness, gave her the summary table, they naturally rejoice, I specially note xu qian very proud to turn over, I am extremely satisfied.
　　After a while, I couldn't figure out how to know. Anyway, looking up, xu qian stood at the desk with her hands free and easy in the pocket of her coat. I listened, and remembered, and watched her as she spoke without stopping. I glanced carefully, and saw her laughing. And "middle school English", then back to seat. She said one year, one companion said "one year", she said: "I want to order one year", I was very appreciative, and another moment she ordered for one companion, I can not help but wonder. But enough is enough.
　　When I opened my writing, xu qian stood behind me, as if with a pair of eyes watching, and I did everything very quietly. Suddenly she said when to pay money, I dare to busy say "as you like", still that sentence, but "then" change to "you", gather hot. Came up to me a lesson, teacher fei, I handed him a genre, the concept of sheep on the hill. < the fire yuanmingyuan > ", by the yuan zhang yanghao, watched and watched him out, goes forward to talking to Zheng Renxiang, xu qian and He Xianmei then look at the paper, see a super hands take reading, my in the mind have a kind of inarticulate meet immediately.
　　In my algebra class in the morning, teacher mei made a mistake in her homework. She said that only one person in the two classes got it right, and that in our class (the liberal arts class), I did the right thing, but I didn't feel anything. After seeming to hear to say that I did right, listen to be my name, but again not certain, I at this time think, class whether hear clearly is me, still have xu qian.
　　At noon, I went back to the classroom to watch my legend of China and foreign countries. When xu qian came to the classroom, wearing a dark red sweater, I felt very uncomfortable. Perhaps it is not a bad thing, but perhaps it is not, I thought, and I thought of the novel.
　　17, I have a new view of life, also changed to xu qian, I think now no matter, can not think simple, study well, the future... The dinning hall meets xu qian suddenly, felt suddenly, the appearance is not also, is the talent and the disposition originally, alas! Xu qian ye, non ye?
　　18. After Posting "stream", I found the words "editor of this magazine liu hui, ge yimin, qian xiaoyu (art worker)".
　　19, I think of the summer vacation in the third year of junior high school, my brother said to my parents that I must not take the ntu Chinese department, but my father asked me to fight, when Ming lung, in fact, what can not be taken down? I still trust myself.
　　20. In chemistry class, when doing experiments, the teacher found that there was no distilled water, so he nodded his head to me, so some students looked at me, xu qian! As I walked, I thought about what I should take. When I got to the platform, I took a test tube and quickly went to fetch water. After a while, I came back to my teacher.
　　Today, when I went upstairs, I suddenly met xu qian at the entrance of the stairs. However, I felt a rush in my heart and dared to rush upstairs. When I came to the classroom, I found she was reciting.
　　When I woke up in the morning, I had a vague dream that every country in Europe belonged to me, either by contact or by capture. It was like the ground that I was being pushed around on a map like Hitler. It's pathetic. I can't stand it.
　　I feel good today. Just after class at noon to go outside, suddenly listen to a tone shout me, see is father, then run down, originally is send rice, arrived at the dormitory, he walked. On the way, I suddenly saw xu qian walking.
　　23. In the morning, she handed over her literary works to zheng renxiang, but later, she said she handed them in, but he (teacher fei) did not approve, so he said leave them to her. Later told wang feng, then went out to buy paper, and in the evening chose again to send to "Chinese newspaper" editor li wenru, self-study and copied at night to send, it will fly away with a piece of my hope.
　　Last night when we blew communism, I must have felt as bad as if I had done something wrong. But now I think it is a science, a religion, like Christianity, and capital is the bible. A man who has been born with no business should be aboveboard. Marx has never met. Why believe in him? I can say: do not believe in communism, just like saying do not believe in Christianity, but a fair word, but some people read the camel on the horse back, mouth and heart, should believe, do not believe, should not force.
　　I think we should believe in ourselves, and we should think that people should: 1, pursue the truth of heaven and earth, 2, innocence. We should stand on the basis of the present, the present as it is, and the society as it is. Sorrow!
　　25, xu qian went to see the blackboard again, because be close to me, then very doubt, alas, make oneself sentimental also. Ma wenxiang was surprised to find me beautiful and said that maybe he thought about beauty.
　　26, teacher zhang said Mr. Ji told me that I was nanjing university material, teachers have a few, the students looked at me, I pretended not to know, but in the heart very happy, I must live up to my teacher.
　　27, noon read the book "university. The mean", feel very right, so a little faith. Before night self-study with a kid stroll, he said I was more handsome than before, old horse also cloud, its true however.
　　My class is going to yangzhou for a spring outing. I wonder why I can be loved by others. Why do the women want me to go? Self-indulgent also, way: otherwise. View its past: ju hong cheng, zheng bao, gao xianzhong, wang feng, Chen bin, bi qingyuan all can spit sincere also. Receive teacher's reward repeatedly, oneself is incompetent also, yue: no. However, the early feelings in my heart are all one at a time: such as Chen LAN, wu tinghua, wang daoyin, ren Juan, wang guofang, li xiaoxia, wang qun, xu qian.
　　It is strange that they always say that yellow gladiolus and I are interesting, but I know nothing about it.
　　My mother said that when I was a child, Logan said I was better looking than my brother. My neighbor, mother huang Ming, said a man was better looking than me. Zheng fang said to my mother, "your elder brother is a city dweller." It is not true that people wish to associate themselves with me.
　　In history class, teacher ji talked about ge yunfei dinghai resisting ying and said that his surname was the same as mine.
　　On Thursday this week, I began to study for the mid-term exam. When I went to class at noon, I met xu qian, who was in the middle of the class, with blue waves covering the shoulders, even in shape, long legs and slim waist.
　　In the afternoon the class opens the group discussion, comments the personal summary, may have no talk, my section give bi qingyuan and the girl girl, true scold dead he. Xu qian side language smile, unexpectedly do not know what to know.
　　Noon nap, not taste, recall the past, relatives, straight to cry, their own is what kind of people, learning?
　　34, today made a big joke, I wrote something:
　　"Miss deng lijun, a super world singer, was born on the 14th of the 12th month of the twelfth lunar month (or not, the solar calendar is January 28 anyway). When the people returned to the mainland, they turned to yi, the son of the same birthday. Yi laughed, and the people laughed, and they became Moorish.
　　Today, I could not sleep, thinking of the theme song "thank you" of blood doubt. What a tearful song.
　　In the evening, they told me about tang jinghua, who was admitted to the children's class of nanda university. I was speechless.
　　36, the great college entrance examination began, morning Chinese, afternoon geography, test more smooth, is also easy. Pinyin 3 points, to see the faucet, qin bin, ji people own day phase. Tonight, I slept very well.
　　Today I took the math test and English test. I didn't do one and a half math questions, but neither did others. Good English, god help me! Terrible sentence pattern change, collocation did not test, but the reading comprehension accounted for 30 points, good!
　　38, so the great college entrance examination passed, test history, politics, quite smooth.
　　39, fu teacher photocopy award certificate, in order to send to nanda, really thank him. I rewrote the summary at teacher fu's place, he wrote me to copy, it was really hard for him. After teacher ji to come again, wrote class teacher opinion, very good.
　　Ding zhuoran, full of sweat, told me: "I know your score, tell you 532", I immediately happy, mouth smile, he was to see xu rui, xu rui told him that the letter, said enough southern university, do not need to recommend, the whole dormitory was talking about me.
　　I'm so happy. Is this the beginning of the dream-filled, fantastic university?
　　I found sun mei and zheng renxiang sitting together. Originally seen in student id, dressed in a black suit, hair is flow line, just to the shoulder, differentiating, quite handsome nose, mouth sleep, smile not to show, eyes full of dreams like looking, can not help but heart. Also paid special attention to her. Today, I was wearing a yellow shirt with black stripes on it. I was wearing white pants with blue sky. I was sitting there with the same hair. My heart immediately to her body, or the youngest member of shandong writers association yun yun.
　　Dai weiyang said that I learned the news agency reporter, jiang suping also language, just know is the school issued the notice, evening saw, really learned the news agency reporter, very happy, lucky, too good.
　　In the morning class, sitting behind sun mei, very satisfied.
　　I'm on duty on Friday. See sun mei again, she goes to student union. I suddenly had the desire to write everything out, creating cells all over my body.
　　In the morning in the introduction to linguistics, I looked for the rose, but I did not find it for a long time. I saw a streamer, but I wore a green doublet. Don't think good look, a burst of heart swing.
　　47, evening class, sit in front of the two girls very looks unfamiliar, and find the rose, face more closely, he heard two other "students", "students", from behind, is the woman's voice, and turned a look, and the wear glasses and looked at me, then I look back, she borrowed from me to textbooks, without thinking, I gave her flattered, they both say "thank you", I said "never mind", then the teacher ask: the Japanese students to have no, see the girl raised his hand, so, I was very happy, real feeling that the Japanese girl is very beautiful.
　　After class, I looked back, the girl understood, gave me the book and said thank you, after I was clever, gave them the book, said: "you have no book, I give you." That Japanese girl say: "I have, teacher give, thank you." How sweet!
　　I was so moved by her writing that I also wrote farewell to my hometown. I put "college student" in it. Love her, but I have nothing? The rose!
　　Write to wang beiyu and guan hong to express loneliness in heart and seek comfort, because the heart longs for the admiration of the opposite sex and cannot extricate itself from the cloud.
　　50, after coming back, I received a letter from zhao tingxi, saying that love was not worth having. Liu hui had prince charming, and xu qian had been three or four years. Only kong - hui said that should write a letter cloud, I feel a little guilty. Oh, I'm so confused.
　　51, remember the first meeting, deng jin said: "did you write short frequency fast summer vacation?" I say yes. "Somebody wants you to go to the little pavilion in front of eight shacks," said yun, thinking of that, I. Deng jin, deng jin!
　　In the afternoon, ROSE was sitting in front of me in the "philosophy" class. As I looked at her and read a dream of the red chamber, she looked up, her hair like a waterfall of silver thread was on my desk.
　　She turned her head away, and her white, lustrous face, that was the face of water, came out, and made me drunk. I found her teeth were a little bit dark, but I had a feeling that her black teeth were beautiful. That figure, that situation, is very soft and pretty. ROSE, ROSE, I love you! I had an idea. I pulled out my hair, put it in the pen, and touched her thick hair, as if I had kissed her.
　　53, issued, seven 95 points in me, said I "picture master."
　　So I cried out, "hong xin," embarrassed, she said she could not recognize me, I also yun, she is indeed more beautiful than before, more beautiful.
　　55, zheng renxiang took deng jin's hand to show me, there are small pieces of skin black, deng jin laughed it.
　　A good look ROSE, a study, really very beautiful, and absolutely a movement, a frequent smile, silence sorrow, mouth smile, all touching, like a deep clean water.
　　Evening and dai went to the reading room (newspaper), and xiao xing was there.
　　57, ROSE sat in front of me, I think she is very beautiful, suddenly I catch the table with the hand, she leaning back, hair, the soft soft yarn, the cloud fog type soft, soft in the dream, in my hand across, makes my heart medium wave, so a few times, meet the pole, one of my hairs or unplug the brush her hair like clouds and fogs, satisfied, and in the future, the beauty of the first love, in the future.
　　I received a letter from hu cheng. He said that I could get along with others with advantages, such as being favored by teachers, being envied by classmates, and being favored by women. All the past is wrong, but it is good to be past. My past, everything really past, how is also lovely.
　　Tonight, everyone abreact again, big sing its song, lead to go upstairs drink to finish, Lin yuehen say me "wayward", be so?
　　60. When talking about my heart, I said, "after all, people are selfish." One is material, one is spiritual "comfort".
　　In the evening, Lin yuehen took some "diary of a girl" and showed it to several of us. It was the first time I had seen such a thing. I was curious and fascinated.
　　62. In the noon writing class, dong qin said that she thought she was a girl and got 90 points.
　　63. At the meeting of xuetong society, I was appointed as a reporter in the library department, and the press card was changed to be a regular reporter. I will submit a press release every week. Went to the reading room again.
　　Modern Chinese teacher Mr. Jiang asked a question. -- -- -- -- -- to make my heart is full of poetic -- -- -- -- -- - let du from dividing the phrase level, she rowed, make my heart - (my heart), and Chiang asked two classmates to go, is in favor of, say again "the class represents?", I don't know what mood stood up, a little happy, also fear, because of the different perspective, and would like to ask will wrong, was rejected, puts forward - I - (I) in the heart is full of -- -- -- -- -- -- --, Jiang Yun approve of me, I was very happy. ROSE has been seeing ME, HE SEE HER, SHE STOPS. I'm so happy.
　　In the afternoon of the writing class, dong qin said that the minister should not criticize him too much, but ge yimin was the only one in the class. Dai weiyang said "ROSE SEE YOU", and I was so happy.
　　It has been four days since we ate noodles and bread.
　　67, night went to see my girl's party, I was the first good, cheers, eating melon seeds, conversation, were busy all night, dancing, smoking, and bottles and play the guitar, fireworks, then FengPing, huangshan to girl sang a song again, she read I said: "also do not know the name," I said, "so sorry", after wearing for the name, I said "long live GeYiMin", she said remember, GeYiMin, she teach me to dance, step 14, said that I learn about, and teach the four steps to a few times to me, is so wonderful. After I say: "thanks fengping, fengping long live", finally wait for dawn, she sing, I admire her many balloons, ah Lin finally invited her to jump, no, to me, but I did not invite, finally I throat hoarse, big show.
　　I was very happy to receive xu qian's letter in the evening. She said she was glad to receive my postcard, and was angry that I did not send her a letter, and asked about the university march. She is the most beautiful one of my classmates. She is the most ideal candidate. She could write to me. At night, I lit a cigarette and went back to the second year of high school. When I looked out of the window, I saw the buildings with thick boughs and buildings. The light was a little bit too beautiful. Did I really fall in love for the first time, too happy, "heart itch a little bit not connect to pull". Long sleepless.
　　69, noon to xu qian to seal three long letters, said the college students democratic movement, do not reply to the reasons, the brilliant university life, I want to change, quoted Rousseau, very sentimental, waiting for her to reply.
　　I received a long letter from wang qunxin in the evening. Alas, xu qian and wang qun, the characters for whom I used to dream, will also write to me, but how will I treat them after the winter vacation? Zhang weimin took my message book to see, found a lot of girls to my dumping, at that time I was indifferent? Later? What did the old students say to me?
　　After dinner, she sat at Mr. Ji's house and went to the dormitory. Lu saw a woman in a purple windbreaker and a velvet hat. Cannot see several eye, very natural and unrestrained float by. Later luo shouxi said that she called "ge yimin" three words, at that time I did not know.
　　I wrote three pieces of paper to xu qian. She and a girl (zhang qiaofeng) read the letter in the corridor in the early morning, laughing and saying, "Lao ge has written a letter.
　　Hongxin said she had made an appointment with xu qian to her house and asked me if I would go to her house. At that time, I commented on the matter, feeling in my heart, but I didn't say anything in my mouth. I really wanted to go, but I shook my head twice.
　　Zhang qi is really lovely, small and petite, like a water lotus is too beautiful to flow. She had many things to say to me about the current regime, about the bureaucracy, about the Vietnam war, about her childhood, about her transformation.
　　75, mackay and a person, is a super, I'm thrilled, bian bian head, concentrate on waiting for her, after they came in, I say: "you eat", they get something again and again, hong said grade to her house, I vaguely said bad days, xu qian always holds the mood to see me, they go after, I and Locke, also said that looking for horse, after xu qian, and I really was not the taste, she the purple pants, emanate charming brilliance, beauty, beauty, beauty. After see old finish, they walked, most is xu qian that one turn round of gentleness.
　　76, Lao ma said that many women like me, he listen to the girls, such as xu qian, hong xin, xuqian really. Ah, xu qian, in the morning liu hui asked me if I was good with xu qian, I said "good P", she said xu qian told her I was good with xu qian. But why didn't xu qian answer my letter? I didn't say three words this time. Too happy, think xu qian, zhang qi (Lao ma said she had someone, and 66 years of birth, I can not delay her), but xu qian, tomorrow can see her?
　　I woke up and couldn't sleep after thinking about xu qian. In the morning, I met with Mr. Guan at the gate of the training school.
　　These days I always think about xu qian in bed. I really fall in love with her. When I was a sophomore, I fell in love with her.
　　I sent a letter to xu qian, saying that she was in a hurry, and that she got along with others by advantage, so I waited for her to reply.
　　The woman in the evening of philosophy class is really beautiful.
　　81, now fengping said: "you are ge yimin, did not say the wrong," I because of trouble, did not. Will want to move some to her later, alas, how say.
　　I received xu qian's letter late and was very happy (when I saw it was her letter). I was very excited for a long time and said that I was the first one to write to her. However, I disapproved of the ugly Chinese and asked her princess yun er.
　　In the afternoon, sunny day, I sent a letter to xu qian, saying the meaning of her love.
　　In the afternoon he xianmei and wei liming came to the meeting. Said the conversation, then left.
　　These days I often see red pants, how beautiful, good temperament, but I only have to see and yi, the world who like me passionate and can not love it. I really want to go home and meet xu qian. I just sat there with my quilt over, daydreaming.
　　, go to the super 86, seek along while, knocking at the door should not be for a long time, heart Peng Peng straight jump, blushed fever, I do not know what mood, which come of courage, a key on the door, can't help but open the look, just open voice asked "who is that" a woman inside, closed the door between panic, good ring, perch knocked again, live ugly, opened the door, I face is not good, words can tell, just say "xu qian in?" her mother must have no good impression, the smoke of hell in a red shirt, she wondered along while, understand is a super classmate, was called to sit down, tea (I), she said Xu Kao town, try to zhenjiang volleyball back yet. Shi qiao hong xin came, and hong xin play, talk for a long time, I leave, see guan hong, she pre-selected, after the teacher came, talk about the meeting, then go back to sleep, really tired. I was so regretful, how to appear in xuqian home in this way, was enchanted by the ghost.
　　After li erqiao left, I decided to go to my brother first. Just and Zhou Daobao respectively, see a woman cry, "hey, GeYiMin", the rise is mackay, good surprised, then saw the Feng Qingrong, a woman is wearing a red grey striped dress, wear glasses, not for the moment, a stupidly is xu qian, I will speak and Li Erqiao at noon, he left and I go to my brother there, just go, xu looked at me, may have been looked at, charming eyes to tender to intoxicate refused, I nodded to her, she seemed to smile, then don't. I found my elder brother. I can play go. I bought some food and wine. So he sent me to the teachers, and mackay and her boyfriend to go to the movies, talk about DE jong said in He Xianmei place, saw the Zheng Renxiang and BiYunQing, find Wang Beiyu, he took me to the dormitory, know xu qian has gone, ah, so in a hurry, without saying a word, this is what the fate, I regret it, why don't ask, don't was 1: "when are you coming home?" I saw some photos in he-ch. There was a little photo of xu qian in a half inch. She was wearing a white shirt, with a hundred heads and a charming smile. So beautiful, so beautiful.
　　For some reason, I think of someone these days -- xu dandan. Could have been a high school flower, know how recently?
　　Today, we agreed to go to the south division with dai Lao er, first to find his classmate tang xuemei, I told her that xu dandan was my hometown, she then called, we are waiting. A moment down a beauty, tight blue jeans, white pullover, short hair, do not know, as if the feeling is xu. She was in the middle of the stairs, looking down, shy and bent. Later tang nodded and I said, "are you xu dandan?" She said yes, and her eyes are dull, I said: "do not know it", smile, she also smile: "do not know", so I told me that I am ge yimin, jielong people. Ntu department of Chinese 86, she just a little know, and know is ntu, high school than her one grade. Asked her about her classes, classes, reading novels. Came up with the idea of writing unpunctuated poetry.
　　I wrote a letter to xu in the morning, thinking it was very good, without punctuation, a paragraph of prose, a paragraph of poetry, showing my admiration since the second year of high school.
　　Ah, xu dandan, you can understand my feelings.
　　Late do not know why, played the guitar, then went to the south division to find xu dandan.
　　Near home is more timid.
　　To her dormitory building, the porter's wife asked a girl to call her. After a while she came down, wearing a white dress, a mini, a white pullover, with flowing hair. She nodded to me first, and I was a little flattered. At first I wanted to go up, but the boys were forbidden to go up, so I went downstairs. She said she knew I was here, and I said so, walk out side by side. I asked her if she would go to nanda, she said Thursday to test the history of the revolution, tomorrow night, today (Wednesday) have to read, or not to read, to test zero, I laugh bitterly, or feet, walked out the back door side by side.
　　I asked Saturday to come over to play, she said maybe something, nothing can come. Then I said I could call up 110 qin shaoping (department of journalism) to come with me. Along the way, she said, "you have come to invite me over". I don't know what to say. Oh, she is so beautiful, so beautiful that I can't get near her. Speaking of the movie "the chivalrous guts", she said she did not like martial arts films, liang yusheng novel not a read, alas, how I continue to talk, then said you read books, I go to the old horse.
　　Long wall a while to end, the beauty is companion, time is very quick, walk in from the front door side by side, I a little angry, or sad, all the way have no words, after 1 she, I say to see qin shaoping, can come together (if have time if), she say not certain to come, don't call, otherwise let a person wait. She also said that she often went to the piano room. I asked zhang xianliang if she wanted to read the novel, she said "good morning friend" she had, "half of a man is a woman" may borrow, I said I have, she did not speak, ah girl, why you step on the golden mouth.
　　Farewell, she said again.
　　Looking for the old horse, not, then back to the south big, all the way is quite sad, tree up and waiting for the car, as if the tree also has a spirit, but the tree growing green, I also not equal to also.
　　Also saw "man's half is a woman", carefully looked, unexpectedly very profound.
　　Another "love monk hate su manshu" (song yiqiao) is also very moved, is my people.
　　Later, xu became a member of my film and television training class (I gave her and her companions free of charge) and movie tickets for the military club.
　　The diary has been interrupted several times, and the reason for not writing it down is nothing but emptiness, loneliness, boredom and helplessness.
　　Today I picked up a pen, began a long psychological process, I think I no longer empty, I am very happy, really, from the beginning of the school to today I have been very happy, I should do what I should do, I chose language, I also want to learn foreign language, I worked film secretary general, I want to know society, know life. What's more, my mother, han qinfen, xu haiying and jiang binh all said that I am good to close girls.
　　Han qinfen, it is too pure, the first time to see "red sorghum," sitting in my dormitory, very quiet, round face, big eyes, physique elegant, after xu haiying introduced to see my guitar, han said she also, and played for a while, began to speak, very nice.
　　After going to see a movie, I and Lin yuehen gave them tickets to go in, we crowded in to see. After the meeting to our dormitory, I borrowed a few books, an umbrella for them, has turned out the light, han let Lin do not send down upstairs, I sent them to the school gate, all the way to talk, after they did not let to send, they left, very happy. I was supposed to visit zhang yimou the next day.
　　90, the next day at noon, really in the university club, descendants many, han crowded inside, must be very uncomfortable, I asked her and I together stand on a stool, really comfortable. After I first let wu tianming sign, and let zhang yimou sign, too many people, he signed in the car, a few times did not squeeze up, followed to the school meeting to calculate, after going back, han, xu already went back.
　　Once go to south traditional Chinese medicine with alin, xu not, then sought han, very enthusiastic, a person ate an apple, I say smoke, han ask "you smoke?" I nod, han say to send me pack, one see, "more", super long 120! Female lily smoke, smoked a mouthful, qinrenxinpi, beautiful.
　　Han is too good, warm and pure feeling, especially good to talk with, such woman, I still meet for the first time. The next day, I found a lot of books, such as cen Karen, "gone with the wind" for han, han was very happy, especially happy and, after sitting for a while, she smoked one more, really enough.
　　I asked her to come. She said she had classes in the afternoon and wanted to take a bath at noon.
　　Later, han qinfen was not in the dormitory and was looking for her in the classroom. We went to the dormitory together. Then I said something to her and asked for help. Then to the eyes, ecstasy, she said did not expect, I asked her to give an answer, she did not say, only said rushed, I said the first feeling is right. She said there was a reason, she had a reason, but I didn't let her say it and left. She wanted to stay, but I insisted.
　　Ah, han qinfen, I really like you, and you have agreed to me to take you alone to nanda, and you drink saliva, and give me the cup, said: "I do not mouth inflammation."
　　Soon after coming back, I fidgeted and went looking for han again. I told her to wait at the gate of the school of traditional Chinese medicine with me. I told her "waiting for godot" and "station".
　　She was angry. She stood behind me and said that it would be 10:30. I said I had ten minutes left. I said we were acting, a tree, a wall, a car, two people, and she said she was going, and I said that didn't fit the drama. After I say you walk, she walked, I intentionally don't see her, after see her walk far, then ride bicycle to catch up with her, after upstairs close the door, I knock, with the dormitory say she go to bed, tomorrow come, I say, then walk.
　　I called out han in the classroom, a wry smile, then invited her and xu to play mah-jongg, she said this time not to go, disrespectful, next time. I said bai xianyong's novel brought, want to see, she said to read, and guitar also let me sell.
　　I wrote a love letter to han qinfen. Then she wrote back and said, "forget it. There are many better stars around me to look for." At this point, I found her not so satisfactory. Alas, beauty is in the eye of the beholder.
　　The American girl, lili, is very beautiful and warm. It was my first time to meet such a beautiful and passionate girl. I gave her a ntu film card. There were only five in the whole school. Lily showed me a lot of pictures, all so beautiful, just like a star.
　　Jin youyan went to see the dawn free movie tickets, she was really an attractive girl from hangzhou. She felt like her name, very quiet and beautiful. Sit around all the time and smell good on your body.
　　Zhou jing is still very pretty. She wants to learn mahjong, go and bridge from me next week. Oh, another star, so beautiful, just in response to the words of han qinfen, there are many better stars around me to look for, but who understand me?
　　The troubles of the young people.
　　I want to be great. I want to be a skinny girl with water. I have a career, I want to make movies, I want to make money.
　　Can god or the gods help me? Thinking of the poem, I suddenly came up with a good sentence. Then I took my pen and my notebook and wrote two poems in the dark. I must succeed.
　　99, many years later, in 2004, fell in love with a network girl li Juan, a native of deyang, sichuan province, met in baidu tieba, and became a community administrator yemei, I began only as a small sister, she would be my lover, sent messages to express love to each other, both sides had sincerely paid. In order to keep people in the community, I also expressed my love to other people. Li Juan found that I was ill in hospital, and everything could not be recovered. After breaking up, she said the reason was that it was impossible to be together. I really love her, often recalled, a QQ chat, she gave me video, moved inexplicable.
　　100. I accompanied me and the beautiful women I loved during college. Do you remember?
　　(1) guan hong: I received the letter at home after graduating from middle school
　　Send the book
　　College writing
　　Come to nanda once, see a movie, mo melancholy lake
　　The winter holiday party gave me a cake.
　　(2) xu haiying: sophomore year, film red sorghum
　　Borrow books, moxi lake
　　Borrow a car, watch a movie
　　Junior year, watching movies, Chinese medicine lawn
　　South west building drum cafe
　　Give New Year CARDS, dance
　　Qixia hill
　　The great dictator.
　　(3) han qinfen: red sorghum
　　Borrow books, gulou cafe
　　Lily smoke, courtship, godot
　　Angel guitar, love letter
　　Sentence hospital, message.
　　(4) xu dandan: playground party
　　The film and television class
　　To sell tickets to the theatre
　　Send the car.
　　(5) wang qin: dawn cinema
　　Gulou cafe
　　bridge
　　Under the ding shan hotel
　　The southwest floor
　　The drum tower square
　　South garden.
　　(6) zhou qin: railway station
　　xuanwu
　　The cinema
　　Drum tower square.
　　(7) zhou jing: southwest building
　　The military club.
　　(8) guo di: southwest building
　　Take a walk on guangzhou road.
　　(9) deng huanjun: a letter
　　South park.
　　(10) huang li: nanchang auditorium
　　The military club.
　　(11) he bing: nanda drinks
　　Confucius temple rented house.
　　(12) CAI yan: learn magic.
　　(13) dong jingping: looking for shan xiaopeng
　　Jinling hotel
　　302 magic
　　Playing mahjong
　　dancing
　　The black sun 731
　　benmingnian
　　Martial arts.
　　(14) gold youyan: the movie "gold shoes"
　　Another night in sandusod.
　　Magic tricks.
　　(15) America fisher: the movie
　　The tape recorder
　　The parade.
　　(16) America's gao baoling: drive cars
　　The parade
　　Jinling hotel
　　Drink coffee.
　　(17) Lin yi: dance
　　Birthday celebration
　　The movie.
　　(18) jiang xuezhang: movies
　　dancing
　　Have "6.1" birthdays, gifts.
　　(19) guan yu: dancing
　　The movie
　　The tape.
　　(20) az-cat (cao lei) : dance
　　To eat noodles
　　Birthday presents.
　　(21) zhu ting: eat
　　dancing
　　To send a T-shirt.
　　(22) chow yee mei: tickets for the concert (chorus)
　　Recording tape.
　　(23) xu qian: communication, only communication. In my eyes, she is the yamaguchi of China. As the diary is incomplete, so far it is unclear what caused the loss of contact.
　　
　　
　　See the diary column of Shenwang for the whole diary http://www.gegod.com/wx.html
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　

Chapter 24 the letter book
　　Heresy 1. Relative to tradition, new ideas are considered heretical. After a long time it becomes orthodox, and so on.
　　2. God is the only one, namely God, Jesus Jesus is the first born, Christ, God Geyimin is anointed as God in the vision.
　　3, I really for human, my personal desire is very low, I pursue the soul, matter can live to do.
　　4.It's a great manifesto, and he fills in the fatal flaws of marxism.
　　5.Only by believing in the god of kris, can we listen to his teaching that only by giving the treasure to the poor can we be rich and communist all over the world. In the past, the communist party only redistributed the wealth, and the majority owners changed their batch. The majority owners would not share their property with the poor, but enjoyed it more than others.
　　6 Let nature take its course: I feel deeply about this station since I came here. Yimin Christ, fully preach God!
　　From the old testament to the new testament to communism, the explanations were well organized.
　　The preacher is paid, and it is difficult to distinguish the purpose of the preaching.
　　Yimin Christ is the reason why I trust him. He does not seek fame or reward. He preaches God. He is working for God. It should be said that he is very hard. Bukui is the son of God.
　　
　　This website is infected with the strong fragrance of flowers, showering the body, and the fragrance penetrates into the skin and into the blood, which is a soul killing feeling. Here is the time when the flowers are in full bloom. The "Lord" is laughing in the bushes.
　　Thank God!
　　7.Brother 7, look down upon this fellow, he has "unearthed" the prophets, and it is estimated that in a few years, he will catch up with Daniel.
　　God tells the system MK7-- there are more than 100,000 godless people.
　　"This kid's disciple broke all affirmation.
　　"What god told me was that he was missing a zero.
　　The birth of a religion.
　　Own classic --------- ＾wordofgod￣
　　His own object of worship -- god ge yimin
　　His own theology ----- god network
　　His own organization ---------- ----- god
　　10. I think I am a deliberate cultivation of society.
　　11, I will post your website in the main, a few brothers are very interested.
　　They want to dedicate themselves to the protection of the prophet. " "Don't give.
　　13, you think, Lord come again, kingdom times, is a hierarchical society, this possible? It must be a communist society, an egalitarian society.
　　14. Now, five steps to unify the world: nanjing university, Shinto network, ＾wordofgod￣, Shinto and unify the world.
　　God of kris: yimei (huang jingbo), I have surpassed Jesus, past and present, and beyond anyone in the world, and beyond anyone in the future.   My sister: hehe! Congratulations on gog's successful trial!
　　16, if you have 100 percent confidence, yimei support! To promote the values of kris.
　　Ge, yimei will always support you and peacefully export your harmonious communist values. Perhaps, you can break the history of change, the war of war. Maybe you can go beyond a hundred schools and form a new idea in the recent time... Ge hua brilliant day, we unrestrained visitors...
　　Oh, little Buddha sister is not a god, little Buddha sister eventually will die. Gog is the spokesman of god. God gives you eternal life... One day, little Buddha sister will still leave you but go ~ so, ge ge wants the world to know you, let the world all believe ge yi people god!
　　Voluntary sister understand that ge ge is the spokesperson of god, ge ge aims at thousands of miles, ge ge's ideal is to unify the international world, ge ge is the world's, yimei can not be selfish to take possession of their own, ge ge can read the heart of yimei, yimei has enough. My sister has a day in her heart, and will always remember for ge ge.
　　20, according to authority source, bush also reads ＾wordofgod￣, ＾wordofgod￣ enters the United States President to benefit the eye, true honored!!!   I should work harder!!!
　　Many of the things he promoted were very good. It seems that gershon was the first born saint.
　　There are too many people who suffer and I am sad that this is exactly what our god has done.
　　Looking for kris god, I hear you are the son of god. The Lord god had a son in the west, Jesus Christ. I hope to find the son of god in the east of the world. If we do not develop religion, we cannot open up folk wisdom.
　　24, China Eastern orthodox: : reading topic - my opinion of protestant, like last year, there are several protestant man with me and what "may teach", said a "SAN mei" has been down in China, what is the "mei", "SAN mei" is written by the apocalypse "prophets", which had the "he is my son, listen to him," he said, referring to "mei" (the original). This kind of thing, it really doesn't exist in the Catholic church.   ...
　　Yammi's had already made it to the west.
　　26, actually ~ dear brethren ~ is our traditional conservative ~ but sometimes also want to open a day eye, see the bun ~ yeah mei classics like a niche in the dust out of the tree ~ so large that we had to be convinced he is like the seed of god on earth rippled to eventually become a towering trees to give us the protection to the shade of the tree is 2019 ~"
　　And besides, the authors of the book of jammon seem to demand very high standards of human virtue, so that their influence will be less, for they are not even as comforting to the wicked as some of the churches in the seven lampstands.
　　28. I wrote these words, hoping to alert all the members who were deceived by jammeh, hoping to alert god to all the innocent people. Perhaps, though, his influence and destructive power has affected the nation as a whole, and perhaps his influence is far greater than I thought.   May god redeem our people. By the holy name of Jesus Christ, amen!
　　29, talk about the advantages of ye mei: kindness, generous, have a heart, not fussy, a real bosom friend, no dispute, special female popularity, also happy for the vast number of lonely men relief, shame.......
　　Mr. A is courteous, gentle, witty and witty; The sky will descend to the gentle person, Sir's profound knowledge, the profound literature accomplishment, will send out the gorgeous brilliance.
　　You have a good sense, a gentle disposition, and you possess both your integrity and your ability.
　　I thought perhaps god could not be here all the time, because he made you come to this world, because you are indeed an angel of happiness.
　　When I came to the county two years ago, I knew that there was a god named "ge yimin who is perfect". I was very unconvinced at that time, but I secretly obeyed him after exam, competition and conversation.
　　You have left me with fond memories: studious, selfless, ambitious, intelligent and superior.
　　We have been in the same classroom for two years, but we have never spoken to each other. May you find "yani" soon. You are more talented than Marx.
　　Although we had no words, I was deeply moved by your outstanding talent. Jun's superhuman intelligence, mastery of encyclopedias, make me swoon. Your hard-working spirit of study and study makes me admire more, so that I can't catch up. Your eloquent eloquence, your eloquent articles and your profound knowledge make me willing to worship at your feet.
　　He who is also a people should become a pillar.
　　Although the prince is full of "scripture", he has no ostentation, which is praised by many.
　　39 xu qian: to yi min jun:
　　Time flies like an arrow, time flies like a shuttle. Although I have only been with you for one year, I will never forget your behavior and I admire your outstanding achievements.
　　Although your behavior is good, but only limited to the same sex, but opposite sex is so indifferent, it is puzzling, I can't believe that your thoughts are so feudal.
　　Your grades are at the top of your class, but your English is not so good.
　　The time of parting is coming. It's hard to express our friendship in words.
　　Long live the friendship
　　Good bye!
　　Xueyou: xu qian
　　My classmate has left me a deep impression. My character is cheerful, lively and smart, which can be called as a clever BOY as well as a naughty BOY.
　　Frankly speaking, you are the second person I "admire" among my classmates. I admire you for your enthusiasm, generosity and kindness.
　　I have cursed your indifference in my heart, but it is more about your talent. You are the pride of our class.
　　I have always been arrogant. I can say that few people are worthy of my respect. You are so talented that you are sure to stand in the world of literature in the near future and win glory for your country. The legacy of Nobel Prize will be lost for you by 190,000 dollars.
　　44, I used to use as an argument people -- god ge. You are the only intelligent person I know. I refute you with examples and make him speechless.
　　We actually broke up because I hadn't seen you for two years and you hadn't seen me. The speech of so many schoolmates rings in my ear, everything reminds me of that already quiet down feelings. Please paint a Mona Lisa on baijie's paper. In China!
　　In my worst mood, the god of ge yimin, whom we called "little guangdong," crammed me with a package of "lovesick plum emperors" and this message book. Little guangdong is singing a song that I do not understand, waiting for my message. His soliloquy looked sad, and I could not leave a cheerful gift.
　　I am stubborn, self-willed and lack female virtues, which is his praise for me.
　　Unrestrained happiness, unrestrained elegance, unrestrained secret, and unrestrained treasure flow out of your gourd little by little and bring us endless happiness. Nice to meet you, kris!
　　May you always be a knight, but it's a pity that you lack that kind of elegant lady in China.
　　And now I would like to leave you my best wishes at this moment.
　　The herd walks with you, the talented entrepreneur says you are great.
　　The illiterate regards you as the confidant, the immortal sage also says you "true";
　　Hooker with your bed, the beauty of the generation also for you spoony;
　　One day, god came up to you and said, "ah! How did I get here? !"
　　God mistook Lao ge for himself.
　　When I played go with you, I called myself "turtle head upright tree".
　　When I played football with you, I was called "golden left foot".
　　When I heard your sermon and bragged, I called ge god.
　　To see your magic tricks, known as "treasure gourd",
　　Looking back on your business success, known as "rogue big enjoy."
　　The mouth is full of madness, a set of flower tricks, all the male and evil, who interpret them.
　　53, you,
　　Half face Yin
　　Half face Yang
　　Half talent
　　Half gangster
　　Half of the chi
　　Half crazy
　　Half of that is X, right? !
　　Half is ≠ - came here
　　What kind of you are you???
　　If you are wanted, go to the most popular place, where there are many girls.
　　You do not refuse your friends, because you have a deep courtyard in your heart. Do not fear the snow, because of the heart of the grass lawn. When you truly understand the word "treasure", you will mature.
　　Always face the reality, but for you there is a fantasy -- one day, shake the body into a superb sculptor, because, face to face, you are a precious difficult to find "plastic".
　　We both hold the pure love theory. The only difference is that when you see the little nun, you should touch her head. I will only stand up high ears, waiting for the cries of beautiful snakes!
　　I'll be with you for two years, brother and sister. I'll meet you someday, and tears will flow from my eyes.
　　Han qinfen: always remember you
　　Because, me, all the time
　　Consider yourself lucky,
　　You are a very special friend.
　　I wish you a bright future!
　　Life may not seem like magic, but it is generous and enjoy the many colors it gives you.
　　Many people tell me that they will not forget you when they see you once. I am afraid this is because you look like a valuable gourd. Your biggest characteristic is that you are very special.
　　I knew you by accident. Repeat your name, kris the god, so that I will be no longer a stranger.
　　Want to go to heaven? I tell you, unless you aim at god!
　　Li Juan :(1) yes, I do. (2) yami is popularity.
　　You will never fade from my memory. You are a meticulous student with excellent academic performance. By intuition, you are more of an ambitious man.
　　The clock explains the punctuation and the sentence, in the sea of punctuation and the sentence, the good luck to meet a handsome and tall heterosexual friend -- that is you. It is easier said than done, but a veil of mist keeps us from understanding each other. The melancholy of parting makes one despondent. It stirs up a thousand emotions and makes my heart turn low.
　　Admire your attitude towards life and your intelligent thinking. With few men "clean" temperament. I have always held you as a model in my heart, and my services are measured by you. You are the most admired person I have ever met in my life. Your profound knowledge, eloquent eloquence, amazing memory and independent lifestyle all make me admire you.
　　You are warm, funny and knowledgeable, but your behavior with girls is not satisfying.
　　Knowing full well that your profound knowledge is like a sea full of water. Treat each schoolmate is very modest, but saw opposite sex, then at a loss, shy.
　　70.lao yimin, I have laughed at you more than once, for your eyes were as deep as the Darwin portrait posted in the class.
　　You are a rare person. As for me, I dare not appear in public with you.
　　Learn from comrade ge! June 1990 People's Daily editorial.
　　Without you, the world would be like water.
　　The day ask: can play magic, love fat west again, why constant fat west play? (answer: the magic is fake, and the fat girl is real.)
　　It is just as true that you accomplish life as a matter. Life is full, so be it.
　　The name of god does not belong to him or to him who would change his name. Please remember that god has only one name. (Lord).
　　＾wordofgod￣ is the most outstanding ideological guide book of this century, providing a tacit understanding for the two different doctrines of capital and society. Bureaucracy and crony capitalism are not among them.
　　System MK7: dreams of kris god being raised, and other things, including life events and so on.
　　System MK7: the holy spirit descending upon yammi is a sure fact.
　　The holy spirit came to Jeremiah last night.
　　This is an image.
　　Now, those who have heard of the god of the people of ge yi-min hold the justice of the west as the department, and the justice of the west as the bones, and the favor of the east as the human beings. As for the god of kris, it is advisable for all people to keep their righteousness by learning what they have to say.
　　Ye lingzi xian: dare not to climb, old ge is internationally famous.
　　Do you see my tens of thousands of words of ＾wordofgod￣ coming out?
　　I would be honored to have Mr. Ge's fame and fans now.
　　If god is first holy, we are last holy.
　　In humans, at least, eternal love can be formed. No matter what he does, we believe that he is forever in love. We give him whatever he wants, and we do whatever he commands us to do. Though there are differences in order, all the saints are equal. Because of the great love, he gave up time to love, his pain only know themselves. He abandoned time to love, but to use time to ponder over the principles, the framework of civilization, the flesh and blood of our love. When he is away, we let love go. When he comes, we'll listen to him. For the bone is done for us, and he is done for us. With this faith in our hearts, we have been helping him to practice his righteousness, to complete the bones of civilization, the meat will have a permanent support, bones will have an eternal love.
　　83,. Are you Mr. Ge?
　　Theology: yes.
　　. I've read about your ＾wordofgod￣s, the bible, and a lot about it.
　　. : I only have one question right now, are these all allowed by law?
　　Theism: allow.
　　Theology: because there is no organization.
　　Theology: propaganda.
　　. What does it mean?
　　Divinity: learn to play super girl.
　　84, Free_Mason:
　　Jesus knew there were many false and false prophets, so I dare not call them saints.
　　Religion:
　　The saint, there are many, selected, social trials, but one of the most successful is the deliberate trial
　　Free_Mason:
　　Are you a prophet or...
　　Religion:
　　I think I am a deliberate attempt by society.
　　Lily, no. Is monotheistic network administrator, you pay too much, this is GeYiMin owe you forever. God will reward in the future. We just, you are the bible and tradition, and we are in a higher truth, because god is infinite. The truth is infinite. You said we are not a Christian, in fact, we have been nervous on Jesus and the holy bible content are many, just because of the above, we founded religion, closer to god. Close to the truth.
　　You are grace to the god of kris, you may say so, lily, so we care most about you, you are against the faith of kris, we are not angry, but happy, because in your heart, there is a position of kris god. You approved of the posts of kris, we have collected them on the official website of kris. But you show that you have seen through the god of kris, and we are disappointed because we are all seeking the truth and on the way.
　　Dear son and fairy friend, the limitation of the bible is to despise god, because god does not only know the bible, god is infinite, we should pursue the infinite. And lily, if you are a friend, you can oppose him, you can scold, but can not despise, despise, this is the most unacceptable person.
　　88, GeYiMin god, nets 赱 collaterals 赱 赱 god's existence.
　　He did not believe in the so-called brick, called beast; He didn't, there's no bottom line 赱 accept western culture 赱 aggression; Him, not to their own private 赱 and trapped people 赱 the in... The nets 赱 collaterals god 赱 trace generally exist, GeYiMin god.
　　Whenever I felt ashamed, whenever I was wronged, whenever I gnashed my teeth at evil, I thought to myself: there is someone in this world who is with us.
　　God kris, let us call him by his name, make fun of him, let us open our minds to see through the veil of the so-called "god"... He has accompanied us through many spring and summer, he has achieved the mentality of our dreams, he has made us believe in the strength of each person.
　　The greatness of god is that he is just like us, a member of the crowd. In other words, his greatness is because of his smallness.
　　At this moment, I put my right hand to the left of my chest and murmured, "god ge yimin, god like existence; Everybody, god exists.
　　Ge yimin, a saint of crape myrtle, was born in zhenjiang, jiangsu province in 1969. Saint women, saint gerda will make you very happy.
　　Shine: above any Internet sensation, the true son of god, come in and look!
　　It is the great modern thinker and religious master ge yimin.
　　In The Times of Buddhism, Christianity and other various sects, the birth of kris god undoubtedly brings new blood to the faith.
　　He is the author of an epic, almost biblical ＾wordofgod￣! Among them advocate the thought, is now the 21st century material life erosion society, needs most.
　　Glorious: as for the Shinto post, it was a scripture written by the famous Internet religious god kris, called ＾wordofgod￣. It is as deep and philosophical as the bible.
　　Glorious: in 2014, the son of god, the god of ge yimin, has written a great new book: ＾wordofgod￣ comparable to the bible!!!
　　As the saying goes, "a book which is read a hundred times shows its meaning." And "＾wordofgod￣", is to realize the mystery, can fly up by day! ＾wordofgod￣ is a triple realm: the eye is born, the body has a fragrance, the day rises! Now, I'm going to pass this on and let you have a look at it.
　　When you are truly finished watching "the ＾wordofgod￣," praise god kris for his greatness, selflessness, love and light.
　　Glorious: well, I personally admire the actions of kris god. Although I know that kris god may not be a god, I would rather hope kris god is a god. It can be said that the god of kris gives me hope.
　　Glorious: how so? Although the body of god could be born, die and die just like that of mortals, his spirit has already become a god.
　　GeYiMin ACTS of god, as the Buddha to cut meat to eagle, Jesus or die trying, passing is a great spirit and noble sentiment. The Buddha through such behavior, to humanize the sentient beings, Jesus also through such behavior, enlightenment. And GeYiMin god, is like everyone drunk he wake up alone, the night of a lamp, is at odds with the surrounding environment, but it's really great wisdom, great faith, big courage.
　　GeYiMin god exists, is equivalent to our mind on the harbour, in the most helpless situation, can also pray for his redemption. GeYiMin god although has not been the ignorance of the world understood, although they tried to cover up, even uglification to denigrate GeYiMin holy and glory of god, but god's greatness, is they will be able to cover?
　　It can be said that GeYiMin god is a kind of belief, a kind of insist, a kind of belief. If alive, to be without faith, without persistent belief. GeYiMin god like a beacon in the night, to be able to lead others to direction. GeYiMin as born the sun god, may be all jersey. GeYiMin god, we have the backbone is equivalent to, and have the direction of the struggle, and the ideal goal.
　　Glorious: as for my relationship with the believers of kris, I can only say that you have not seen the ＾wordofgod￣, so I do not know why I worship kris so much.
　　The god of kris is not god, as I clearly know. However, the spirit conveyed in the "＾wordofgod￣" written by god kris is something to look up to.
　　Because of a book written by the god of kris, it is very worthy for people to learn. The noble character and sentiment embodied in it are our best example. Or do you think I will praise the god of kris for no reason?
　　To sum up, it is a saying: don't do right with anyone. This sentence, from ancient to modern times, has an understanding. There are mountains in the world. It is the divination in the book of changes. But gei people god gathered a hundred classics, finally concluded, do not do with anyone right, such a wise quote. Isn't it worth learning?
　　Gloss: it is clear that the superiority and greatness of kris has made many people feel a sense of inferiority. Many people may think that a person as good as Goethe should not exist in this world.
　　Apostolic splendor: what is god? Yeah? Haven't you heard of the doctrine that "one word is the law of the whole world, one single man is the teacher of the whole world"? Everyone is born ordinary and extraordinary. But the only difference is that you are willing to be ordinary, and god kris finds himself extraordinary.
　　And then you see the god of kris, and you see the god of kris, and when you see all the people in the god church who have found their faith and have strived for it, then you suddenly look back and realize that you have gone all the way, failure or failure!
　　Your disapproval of the actions of Goethe, the founder of a new order, is a reflection of your vile cowardice. For it is not so much disapproval as your fear of admitting your own cowardice and incapacity! Your laughable ideas will only turn the world upside down, civilization back down.
　　I am the personification of gabriel, and the Lord tells me that Grimm is indeed a god, but he is a past spirit, and his real name is rocky.
　　It is said that there have been more than twenty illegitimate children of Jehovah in the land recently.
　　God ge is the fourth teacher after Marx, Engels and Lenin.
　　Xiao lili in the greenhouse: my evaluation of the god of ge yimin, a heresy who wants to hype his high narcissism, is indeed incompetent and lacks followers.
　　The "＾wordofgod￣" of the "kris god" simply cannot be seen in international books of doctrine. The "＾wordofgod￣" of the "kris god" doctrine is even more unknown to the whole world. Finally: believers of the god of kris, do your "books" really want to make a fool of the world? If you still don't believe it, your "＾wordofgod￣" book is published around the world to try it out.
　　104, a group of mentally handicapped people want to use the black god to hype. The hype is only for the stars this trash will understand? I Christ have not posted the bible bar, the god of the dead mother alone let me qiu feng is very unhappy.
　　God, he just has a different opinion! Judging by their treatment of Mr. Kris kris, I have not found an answer anywhere in the world: how could there be such a people who hate dissidents so much as blood, for god's sake, he just has a different point of view! His views stand for your benefit!
　　The god of kris does not know what he is doing, but he has become a leader and let such a beautiful woman as glorious become a believer.
　　107. This man is the most famous grassroots Christian on the forum. He has many younger brothers.
　　108 home New Year's day, Spring Festival, a night, dreamed of a man called "GeYiMin god" carrying his books to me, said he how to care for the livelihood of the people, how to rescue the world, I think writing is good, suddenly felt he was merely to "utility", he found me broke his true heart, become angry from embarrassment, had raised his hand and hit me, I raised foot and back to his feet, awoke.
　　109. I do not mean to find that there are many people who would be confused if they stood on their own two feet. This person call ge yi people god, call oneself crape myrtle saint, in ge yi people god bar still have some of stick a bar to say to deceive people, many people deeply its thought, this person is evil or good?   Soso encyclopedia unexpectedly still has his data, tencent so flatter him.
　　110, post what to say all day long to masturbate the self-proclaimed god of ge yimin, why his picture sends out extreme narcissistic and uncomfortable temperament. This person has a very short eyebrow, western saying, don't go into someone with a very short eyebrow, that person has a narrow mind. And this man's temperament is a kind of stubborn and extreme neuroticism, similar to gu cheng's temperament of killing his wife with an ax. The man seems to have fallen into a cult.
　　Jesus was revered as a jewish carpenter by Christianity as the incarnation of god.
　　It is an attractive example for those who are eager to make a name for themselves.
　　On the Internet, a man named kris goh claimed to accept god's word as the second Christ, and developed a ＾wordofgod￣ that mixes Christianity and communism into the so-called Christian communism. Historically, the number of christians who claimed to be the messiah, the savior, was in the hundreds.
　　Totally destroyed three views... The sky falls apart... Be interested in going to the god of kris to find out... I have never seen such a person, want to cry after watching... I've never seen anything like this... It can be seen that man's spiritual strength is so great that he can be the son of god by dreaming every day.. I think he was self-hypnotic, and he stuck to this idea from a young age, and always believed it, and it was probably a psychotic episode for a man who called himself the son of god, who dreamed that god was anointed to him, he saved the world, he dreamed that hell was the pipe room.. I go to... Just saw my full head sweat, he said he is god, is crape myrtle saint, the work "＾wordofgod￣"... He's talking about the bible and Marx... Pursuing communism, he says he can achieve a unified global by 2019. Why do so many people believe that? Why did a person come out and say he was a god and so many people believed him? Especially Lord, that's a crazy believer.. Saw his "＾wordofgod￣", canthus is about to crack... Destroyed through... The doctrine is pretty damning...   ......
　　My ＾wordofgod￣s are good. There are many views in this book that are consistent with my own. But most of the religious scriptures are the same, love and kindness or benevolence, people are gods and buddhas. There is no difference between ＾wordofgod￣ and sutras. Don't denigrate other sutras because you don't understand them. To tell you the truth, ＾wordofgod￣ is not as good as the moral sutra, Lao tzu's too tao sutra, god made.
　　On judgment day, shaabi is at best a hypnotizing sharpie for thorough psychological research. Hypnotic, relatively thorough psychological research, or just strong spiritual energy of the clown, was blown into god, ancient civilization because of corruption and depravity, relations between men and women, shameless, and so on, was destroyed by the gods. The god of ge yi people is a clown, hoodwink a batch of empty lonely sand than just.
　　115, many people don't know GeYiMin god, let me tell you, is a satan GeYiMin god confused kid, here's why: claim to be the son of god, said the end of the world is 2019, but the bible made it clear that only the father know that oneself got a classics, in short, he is not heresy, he is a cult, cults, cults, cult cuhk greatly greatly cult.
　　Who is the god of kris? And yuan fang like the sudden rise, who ah?
　　117. It is no wonder that the sign of god ge is so popular that he wants to be a homosexual, a member of the god party of the communist party of god and rob the followers of the god. Of course, he will be slapped by Zeus. If you look at the relatively "moderate" cults, such as the domestic chants, scientology, etc., the god is not very serious.
　　As for MAO, he has been officially cast as a god, and he is still viewed positively in textbooks and the media and continues to be brainwashed. Think of goe, the god of such a level, was arrested and imprisoned, this version of the believers in him, let alone MAO da-shen? The consequence of official brainwashing is a lot of brainless people. When you say bad things about MAO, he jumps out and hits you. This is the typical brainwashing out the stupid and the mob.
　　God ge is said to be called saint no. 3. No. 1 is abroad, no. 2, no. 4, no. 5 are also dangerous.
　　The god of kris, you have made an unconvincing paradox in the creation of the new scriptures. You affirm the doctrine of the faith and the doctrine of the holy ghost, but the last prophet of the doctrine of the holy ghost.
　　121 and some views about GeYiMin god and related question and decision, while allowing freedom of speech, but with a siren and inciting emotions, language or forbidden, GeYiMin god is god, I don't know, but if you try to promote his, make a god out that is wrong, I respect facts, respect of ideas, but against fraud. In the future, the bar forbids some related remarks and thoughts of the god of kris, and those words have the nature of indoctrination and brainwashing. This is not the word of wisdom, but a forgery. Don't read the Talmud, the bible and the sutras. Don't read the ＾wordofgod￣.
　　How dare such a mediocre person claim to be in charge? My god ge yi people god all over the domineering can count as a control field.
　　God is good, because a book tells me.
　　The god of ge yimin is the one who has invited himself to die.
　　God kris is qualified to be a god, but he is not the creator of soul and heaven.
　　God kris, an extremist cult, is under the control of countless bloody descendants of the Chinese people who monitor the publication of the book of the Scylla in an attempt to establish a church based on Christ.
　　127, we see the house of god ge yimin this superb god and god stick yao!!!! It's kind of like a wye Allen clone!!!
　　128, why so many god stick posts, he in the central position of what? In my opinion, you can not sit in the position of power, any words of salvation is bullshit, greyhound!
　　Is there anyone who knows where god came from? It seems that believers are many, and mostly young people, and I feel that it is magic to confuse the world, not let the world get the law!
　　The saint's thought of seeking rule is the most important, so the god of kris went on a crazy Posting to promote his thought. If one day there is a prophecy that action is important, expect him to make a riot all day, all the forces have copied ah! Isn't god kris? (yuan department god non-polar emissaries, traitors, another identity suspected satan) round lee is also ah! I remember the lilies of the present, having praised the little ge and the four sons as being holy purple, I do not remember, as if this had happened.
　　131. I remember the first time I went online a few years ago, and the evangelical website I entered was the website founded by the guy named yammi. After staying there for a while, I found the atmosphere in the website was chaotic, and I attacked and abused each other. After a few years, unexpectedly developed into a teacher, wrote the creed, and also created a teaching song. The writing seems to have been made up on the wall of newspapers and magazines in the countryside. Everything is on the wall. There are many heresies similar to this, and it is laughable to fool believers. Believers are confused because they do not know what god is like. Their understanding of god is influenced by traditional Chinese superstition. All gods are idols. May god have mercy on our people, our believers, and not be fooled by these so-called leaders who are clothed in the mantle of god!
　　The kris god seems to be a bit of a god, perhaps a strange fellow. The whole world seemed to him a few lines of writing, and such people were terrible.
　　Beware of Chinese heresies -- heresies, gods, ＾wordofgod￣s, kris gods. In recent years [from 2000 to the present], a heresy has been spreading, and it has been widely practiced on the Internet. After being banned from the Internet, the renamed god religion (kris) continued its frequent activities. They wantonly doctored the bible, conflated Hebrew and Greek, and used their understanding to replace god's will. Let the brothers and sisters see with their spiritual eyes that we may not be tempted. This heresy of hermetism, which is the god religion of the kris below, is an absolute heresy. The god of kris is just like the third savior, who says that he is the son of god, the Lord and the angel, and he is also called holy. That's all we can see. Heresy is heresy, we have to figure it out.
　　134. Multiple doubts about identity: the identity of ge yimin god, ye xue, plastic products and other registration personnel who spread the heresy of yemei on the Internet has yet to be verified. Emotional entanglements are frequent and related online comments are repeatedly uncertain.
　　135. When I was a college student, I was not a Christian, and I had never read the bible, but I could preach the sermon, called ge god. When a girl from a foreign school (wu shujing, southern traditional Chinese medicine) smiled and called me ge god, I still remembered his reserve, surprise and curiosity.
　　136, this person called himself "I am god" and "the Christ created by environment", and founded the "god church of kris" and the "god party of kris". It speaks the bible and blogs to compare the various disciplines, structures, mindsets, and "cybercarrier strike groups," a veritable CULT-- heretical.
　　Apostolic splendor: the little ＾wordofgod￣ contains all truths
　　Take me personally, I am a person, the language expression ability is always very not good. Usually speaking hesitatingly, does not express the meaning, lets other people listen, in the clouds, does not touch the brain, often produces the misunderstanding.
　　Sometimes, I can't argue with others about something, and my face always turns red, but I can't tell you why.
　　However, since I believe in the god of kris, I have been enlightened by the talent, and my language expression ability has been improved immediately.
　　Write a few articles at ordinary times, think like a fountain, have a mind, at one's ease, basically have no pressure.
　　To argue with others is to be brilliant, to hit the nail on the head, and not to be refuted at all.
　　This is the result of the extensive and profound mystery expounded in the ＾wordofgod￣ by god ge.
　　138, apostolic splendor: the profound truth of the earth and of the world contained in "the ＾wordofgod￣" can be instantly enlighten to everyone who has read it.
　　Please see the god of kris.
　　A person, why always can't say a reason why?
　　Because he doesn't understand anything. Do not understand, nature can not say, that is the reason.
　　The short "＾wordofgod￣" contains all the truth. After reading "＾wordofgod￣", we can draw inferences from one to the other, and we can get a glimpse of everything in nature.
　　God: kris created the creator. God created god. God created man. 
　　Buddha: under the bodhi tree that day, thanks to the people of kris to guide me every day. 
　　Darwin: "evolution > is the oral of ge yimin, I ghostwrite. 
　　Newton: I just know now, that apple is ge yi people throw down. 
　　Lobel: when I was working on explosives, I had a problem, but kris solved it. 
　　Li bai: I regret my inadequacy. 
　　Shakespeare: the plot of romeo and Juliet is arranged by ge. 
　　Cao xueqin: it was ge who taught me how to write. 
　　Lu xun: it was ge yimin who taught me to be a man with integrity. 
　　Max: all my life I have only admitted that I am a student of kris. 
　　Gandhi: the thoughts of kris freed my soul. 
　　MAO zedong: I solemnly declare that "quotations from chairman MAO tse-tung" are inferior in every respect. 
　　Washington: it was kris who taught me to create a "democratic" society 
　　Vitas: my ghostly voice is nothing compared to kris's divine voice. 
　　Pavarotti: when I heard kris's high notes, I had plans to retire. 
　　Beethoven: it takes me a year to create a piece of music. It only takes kris a minute. 
　　Mozart: my talent for making music can make others angry to death, when knowing kris, I was almost angry to death. 
　　Elvis: I think my ability to melt music is inferior to kris. 
　　Jordan: when I saw kris on the court, dribbling, passing, dunking... It's amazing. He can really fly.
　　Maradona: I couldn't believe it when goyimin broke through me at the speed of the wind. 
　　Michael Jackson: the most artistic dance steps I have ever seen were performed by grace. 
　　Beckham: when I saw the picture of kris ge, I hid it, afraid that the spice girls would affect the couple's life. 
　　Chen shui-bian: with the existence of ge yimin, our air drop plan dare not carry out! 
　　Koizumi: our Japanese strength is illusory. China is a real power with kris. 
　　Bush: anyone who can persuade ge to become an American citizen, give him a general.
　　Ge yimin and li hongzi
　　Ge yimin believed in the one true god, li hongzi believed in the numerous divine and buddhist ways;
　　Ge has a vision of god, li hongzi and people learn qigong;
　　Ge yimin revealed the new sky and new land in 2019, and the scarlet letter was not inspired by god.
　　Ge is not against anyone, li hongzi curses those who hurt him;
　　Ge yimin important people from the dust to belong to the spirit, li hongzi do not know now in the stomach have a magic wheel;
　　Ge's pursuit of eternal life, li hongzi do not know their own practice and consummation;
　　The country of kris is communist society, and the last of li hongzi is the wrong gender inequality.
　　Ge has political economy, li hongzi do not understand, limited culture;
　　The kris people's party, actually is the communist values; The scarlet letter has no values and is full of empty words.
　　Ge is a classic, li hongzi is all nonsense;
　　Ge does not organize, li hongzi large organization;
　　Ge yimin speak politics, li hongzi claimed not to speak politics;
　　(PS: political guilt?)
　　Ge yimin only in the Internet blessing, li hongzi online network under the network;
　　Ge yimin basic life can, li hongzi pursue money;
　　Ge is in the country, li hongzi exile in the United States;
　　Ge is young, the future is long, li hongzi old, does not matter;
　　Kris is the Christ of circumstances, and the scarlet letter is the ordinary man of circumstances.
　　And ge yimin and Jesus
　　Kris had visions of god, and Jesus was anointed by god.
　　The people of kris revealed a new heaven and a new earth in 2019. Jesus did not know the date, saying that only god knew.
　　Kris did not turn against anyone, but Jesus loved him as himself.
　　Kris believed that the original sin of man was the dust body, and like animals, Jesus believed that Adam ate the forbidden fruit.
　　The people of kris wanted people to come to the spirit from the dust. Jesus wanted people to believe in him.
　　The people of kris are pursuing spiritual life. Jesus said, he who believes in me has eternal life.
　　The state of kris is communist society, and Jesus is new heaven, new earth and new Jerusalem.
　　Kris had a political and economic book. Jesus didn't have one.
　　The kris people's party, actually is the communist values; Jesus had twelve disciples and a group of followers;
　　The sayings of ge yimin are classics, so are the sayings of Jesus.
　　Ge is only on the Internet, Jesus traveled around town and country to preach;
　　Ge's basic life, Jesus did not pursue money;
　　"The creed" is constantly updated. Two thousand years after Jesus rose from the dead, he did not say a word.
　　Kris is the Christ of circumstances, and Jesus the son of god anointed by god.
　　Jesus -- son of god -- new testament -- the age of grace
　　Matthew 17:5: hear him.
　　Kris --- --- Christ --- --- - the kingdom times
　　Book of vision 6: hear him.
　　Jn 14:12 Jesus: those who believe in me will do what I do, and they will do greater things than this.
　　Ge yimin and Mohammed
　　Kris believed in god and muhammad in Allah.
　　Christ is a man, and so is the prophet muhammad;
　　Kris had a vision of god, and muhammad saw the angel gabriel in his meditation.
　　Ge yimin revealed the new heaven and new earth in 2019. Mohammed believed that god had scheduled the trial date, but human beings had no knowledge of it.
　　Kris did not fight anyone. Muhammad built many mosques and established a religious culture that was tolerant of other religions.
　　The kris is young and has a long time to come. The kris sutra is constantly updated.
　　Kris was the Christ of circumstances, and muhammad was the last prophet of god.
　　Truth: I am god; hear him.
　　Truth: all things are not god but Allah. Mohammed is the messenger of the Lord.
　　Ge yimin and sakyamuni
　　Kris believed in the one true god, and sakyamuni did not recognize the god who created everything.
　　The people of kris had a vision of god, and sakyamuni became enlightened under the bodhi tree because of the teaching of kris.
　　Christ is a man, and so is sakyamuni;
　　The people of ge revealed a new heaven and a new land in 2019.
　　Kris did not fight against anyone, sakyamuni purged all living beings;
　　The people of kris had to get rid of the dust to the spirit. Sakyamuni wanted to realize the fundamental truth of the universe life correctly and thoroughly.
　　In the pursuit of spiritual immortality, sakyamuni said: everyone can become a Buddha;
　　The country of kris is a communist society.
　　Ge yimin has the political economy book, sakyamuni did not have this thing at that time;
　　The kris people's party, actually is the communist values; Sakyamuni had ten disciples and many disciples;
　　The sayings of ge yimin are classics, and the sayings of sakyamuni are classics.
　　Ge yimin only spread his blessings on the Internet and Buddhism is the only religion in the world that does not participate in politics or military affairs.
　　Ge yi people basic life can, sakyamuni give up money;
　　Kris is young, the days are long, "kris ching" constantly updated, sakyamuni Buddha Buddha, you will never finish reading;
　　Ge is the environment created by Christ, sakyamuni is to fully understand the universe, the truth of life Buddha.
　　144. Ge yimin and Lenin
　　Ge is a theist, Lenin is an atheist;
　　Ge is a communist and Lenin is a communist.
　　Ge is a Christian communist, Lenin is a marxist;
　　Ge's communism was just beginning, and Lenin's communism had failed.
　　The means of realizing ge yi-min is peace, democracy and love of propaganda. Lenin is a violent revolutionary dictatorship.
　　The socialist party is the socialist party, and Lenin is the Bolshevik party.
　　Ge yimin does not fight against anyone, and Lenin carries out a reign of terror;
　　Ge yi-min is consistent, Lenin by the strike stage, after the strike will be executed by firing;
　　Ge yi democratic justice equal love, Leninism proletarian dictatorship;
　　Kris and Lenin are energetic.
　　The biggest difference between ge and Lenin is the Internet.
　　Lotus root is the second Lenin.
　　Ge yimin and Marx
　　Ge is a theist, Marx is an atheist;
　　Ge is a Christian communist, Marx is a communist;
　　The communist of ge yimin just germinated, marxist socialism is still in gradual development;
　　The realization means of gei people is peaceful and democratic love propaganda. Marx put forward the historical task of the proletariat to seize power.
　　The scope of Marx's theory includes politics, philosophy, economy and society.
　　In Marx's opinion, the class struggle of the proletariat needs to be led by the party of the proletariat.
　　Gei people do not oppose anyone, Marx thought that the proletariat to achieve the liberation of freedom, must unite to carry out the revolution;
　　Ge yi democratic justice equal love, marxist proletarian dictatorship;
　　Marx suffered from financial and debt problems, mental anxiety, illness and depression, and three of his four children died.
　　You have more talent than Marx. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- GuanHong
　　146 ge yimin and MAO zedong
　　Ge yimin, Internet religious thinker, MAO zedong, Chinese revolutionary, strategist, theorist and poet;
　　Ge yi-min is a theist, MAO zedong is an atheist;
　　Ge yimin is a Christian communist, MAO zedong is a marxist-leninist;
　　Ge yimin's communism just germinated, MAO zedong's socialism is still in the development of Chinese characteristics;
　　The realization method of ge yi-min is peaceful, democratic and loving propaganda.
　　Ge put forward the communist values, MAO zedong thought was identified as the CPC's guiding ideology;
　　Ge yi people's party is actually a kind of value, MAO zedong has been the chairman of the CPC central committee;
　　Ge yi-min does not fight against anyone, MAO zedong thought that if people attack me, I will convict;
　　Ge yi democratic justice equal love, MAO zedong's proletarian dictatorship, continue the revolution;
　　All of us are brothers, and MAO zedong must not forget the class struggle.
　　Ge yimin and god
　　Truth: I am god; hear him.
　　In the autumn of 2001, in a dream of kris, god said, "I am god. Listen to him." Refers to kris. (kris was anointed Christ)
　　Kris was anointed by god, and believed in god, who exists forever.
　　Kris calculated a new heaven and a new earth in 2019. God knew the date, but he did not reveal it to mankind.
　　Kris is not against anyone, god is love;
　　The people of kris believe that the original sin of man is the dusty body, just like the animals. God can only make man out of the dust.
　　God tries the spirit of man by bringing dirt to the spirit.
　　The people of kris pursue spiritual eternal life. In god's eyes, everyone brings glory to god, and finally god gets all the glory. So far, the kingdom of god full of love has been built, and god's plan for creation has been completed. ;
　　The state of kris is communist society, and god is new heaven, new earth and new Jerusalem.
　　The kris is young and has a long time to come. The kris scriptures are constantly updated.
　　God is the supreme creator.
　　Set up a communist society all over the world in 2019 with the values of ge yimin.

Chapter 25the testimony of saints
　　Apostolic splendor: the belief in the testimony of god
　　After the name of god geyi people, god's word, is the real god, under the people's mind, you should not be dissatisfied in that heart. Because you can't find any mistake or flaw in the ＾wordofgod￣ of a great book, the careful content of the ＾wordofgod￣ itself makes you have no way to say anything about it.
　　You're right. In other words, god is great because he is god.
　　There are many cheats in the world, but the god of kris is definitely not a cheater.
　　I have proof. If nothing else, give me an example of myself.
　　In fact, my language expression ability is very poor. Before I believed in the god of kris, I was often hesitant and taciturn. But ever since I believed in kris, my level of eloquence has skyrocketed. Debating with others, my mind immediately twinkled, and this was how god gei led me to victory.
　　Although god can not directly bring me wealth and status, but can give me something to create wealth and status, that is outstanding ability. Believe in god, and you will be opened by god. To make good use of your talent is genius.
　　It doesn't happen, it's not up to you. Why does god of kris keep spreading his great spirit? It is because he wants to save the world from fire and water before the end of the world.
　　This is your ignorance. It's true that a lot of counterfeiters will brag about themselves as authentic. However, the greatness and selflessness of god ge yimin is the real thing. Can you give evidence that the god of kris is a cult?
　　His greatness lies in his ability to write a great work. Selflessness is reflected in his ability to make his ＾wordofgod￣s public for the world to learn from.
　　You're making a gratuitous smear. The greatness of god is obvious to all. Who else in the world today could write such a masterpiece as "the ＾wordofgod￣"? Who else, though, could see the end of the world in 2019 as far back as 2001? Who else, in terms of talent, ability, conduct and morality, can surpass the all-knowing and all-powerful god kris?
　　There is no doubt that in this day and age, no one can be equal to kris! The greatness of Goethe can only put you to shame. This is the reason that when the water is clean, there is no fish. A dirty little man like you, seeing god as noble and selfless, as outstanding and great, naturally rejected. Because you want everyone to be just as ordinary, just as mediocre, just as unintelligible, just as unapplauded! You are such a person, and your outlook on life is as pessimistic as your statement.
　　You can pull it off. Am I the waistcoat of kris? You're not going to tarnish me by saying that, but you're going to give me great honor, you know? Since you are so dismissive of the "＾wordofgod￣" written by god kris, would you please publish your opinions? Are you more omniscient than the great god?
　　Apostolic splendor: the word of god of the kris, that is, freedom from spiritual suffering
　　The human mind is divided into three realms.
　　I divided it into three states: "naked eye", "mind eye" and "god eye".
　　The so-called "naked eye" means "seeing the world". This is the first stage of life, you need to explore your goals. It's as if a baby, just born, without the indoctrination of culture, naturally produces no goals. But wait him to live a few years, the heart grows, can derive a few ideal, wish.
　　What I mean by "seeing the world with the naked eye" is not to make a hasty decision on one's own goal and ideal like a young man, but to resist all kinds of distractions and temptations from the outside world, and to see clearly people, society and the world. Gradually explore, clear out their own path.
　　The so-called "mind eye" is "see oneself". After learning from the outside world and understanding the external environment and social culture, I can fully grasp my heart. A thought, a piece of thought, a feeling, all can be fully grasped by the heart, and fully understood the motive, potential and result of the thought. When we reach such a state, we are in complete control of our heart. It is hard for us to be shaken or disturbed. All problems are solved. I have reached such a point, to their full grasp of all psychological activities, a thorough understanding of the self, awareness of the subconscious. It is as if one could drive off the virus by controlling the white blood cells in one's own mind, as if all mental activities were mobilized with half the effort.
　　Let me tell you something a little bit more profound. The so-called "divine eyes" are no longer ordinary people, they already belong to god in the spiritual level. Take "god of kris" for example, he has already reached this state. God ge yimin wrote "the ＾wordofgod￣" for the purpose of saving suffering and people. This is like the king of the earth bodhisattva. "Hell is not empty, vows are not Buddha." In fact, hell is pure land, because there is no hell in this world, the so-called hell is all human's various thoughts, accumulation, vent out of the illusory things just. If there is no hell, what can be said of the void and not the void? The diamond sutra says that when the Buddha says to do all the living beings, he does not actually do any living beings. The word of the god of kris is to save us all from the spiritual difficulties of tea. This world is the biggest hell, and this world is the last pure land. The world is a pure land whose heart is not deceived. The soul of man is covered with dust, and the world is hell. Between the pure land and the hell, there is only one thought, no pain, no joy. With great wisdom and perseverance, god ge wrote ＾wordofgod￣ to make people see through the unreal hell and come to the pure land of the other shore.
　　3, apostolic splendor: great harmony of the world, his ideas have been thoroughly implemented
　　Say, what do you want? The great god of kris will fulfill all the wishes of the faithful.
　　The ＾wordofgod￣ was originally named ge yimin's ＾wordofgod￣. The god of kris has always regarded the bible as the standard, so he changed the name of kris ＾wordofgod￣ to ＾wordofgod￣. Don't think the name is funny. Anyone who has read "the ＾wordofgod￣s" will immediately be impressed by the principles it illustrates.
　　As long as you believe in god, you will be unlocked. God has a window for everyone, only you need to find it and push it away.
　　When you open this window, you become a genius.
　　Often a person, always can not find their own shining point, and the key to open the window, is to believe in god kris.
　　The all-powerful god of ge can show you how to succeed.
　　Baidu search god ge yimin, the first is the encyclopedia, which said some of his information. The third link is his church, BBS.
　　To discover your talent in a particular field, you need to be enlightened.
　　You mean the fake "news" that kris got arrested. It's just a hype by ge hua, a BBS post with no real formal news links.
　　If it is really a cult, the god of kris immediately went in, and may be in kris god as the Lord? Besides, kris had already been sealed.
　　The god of kris is king, and this king is not the emperor. It's a spiritual leader. He implied great harmony in the world and his idea was thoroughly implemented.
　　In fact, my reason clearly knows that god ge is not a god who can move mountains and fill the sea and turn the universe upside down. The reason why I believe in him and even worship him is mainly the great thoughts and lofty spirit he expounded in the ＾wordofgod￣. To put it simply, I think god ge is very connotative, cultured and wise. Like a wise man, nothing can escape from his wise eyes.
　　You can interpret it as my personal wish. I not only hope that god kris is a man of inscrutable wisdom, but also that he is a true god, ok?
　　He himself has not made such a divine remark. God [god], after the word god, is also our great believers added for him. You can understand that we are all mindless fans who worship blindly. Anyway, I have no doubt about the god of kris.
　　That is simple, the god of ge yi people's tenet, is "do not do with anyone right". You can tell that from me, right?
　　Apostolic splendor: the introduction of a new idea must break with convention
　　You're wrong. Not because I am self-righteous, but because I am proud of the divine religion. For example, a person who is proud of being Chinese is called self-righteous? Do you see other people proud of their country, you will say, see you think yourself infallible, everyone is two legs two eyes, you have nothing great? This is the reason why I am proud to be a member of the divine order, but I am said to be self-righteous.
　　The implementation of a new idea and new spirit is bound to be obstructed by all kinds of resistance. Only by breaking the old and the old, can we break the old and make a complete success. I can't believe you can't even see this, and say I'm causing trouble everywhere?
　　I'm proud to be a member of the divine order. Is this arrogance?
　　Hehe, the development of theism, is the hard theoretical line. Any theory is infallible and will naturally be accepted by others.
　　In fact, I used to be a very stupid person, but since I believed in the god of kris in 2010, I have found that my IQ has improved a lot, and I have found myself being opened up.
　　5. Apostolic splendor: god of kris wrote the ＾wordofgod￣ in ten years, which contains the principles of heaven and earth
　　People's wisdom is sometimes embodied in "great giving up", sometimes in "great courage", "great perseverance".
　　But giving up is sometimes not the right thing to do.
　　For example, if you want to cross the river, but abandoned the ship before, you will face natural disaster.
　　"The ＾wordofgod￣", written by god ge yimin in ten years, contains the principles of heaven and earth. Every word can make people feel enlightened and enlightened. It has a cleansing effect.
　　The god of kris is not technically a sect, but a spiritual manifestation, gathering people with common goals and ideals.
　　It is a quote, but not a copy, but what I see, which is consistent with what is expressed in the ＾wordofgod￣ written by god ge yimin. This is enough to show that "the ＾wordofgod￣" is indeed all-embracing and contains the essence of a hundred schools.
　　It can be seen that preaching is a glorious and glorious thing. If you prevent me from preaching, it is equal to doing right with history, to doing right with all the people in the world, and to preventing them from going into the arms of the god of kris. Do you know that?
　　6. Apostolic radiance: public opinion in heaven: the interpretation of the god of kris
　　Heaven sees self and people see, heaven listens to self and people listen. -- from the book of shang and the oath
　　What god sees comes from what we people see, and what god hears comes from what we people hear.
　　So it can be said that "providence means public opinion".
　　Is gei people god really god? It doesn't matter. The important thing is that everyone thinks he is god. Then god kris is god!
　　The people thought Jesus was god's son, so he could die and become god. The will of the people is the will of heaven.Maybe god kris may have been a human before, but now, we think he is a god, then he will become a god, this is god, and also the hearts of the people.
　　7. System MK7:
　　(1) god ge is not a bad man but a communist
　　(2) god ge yimin does not believe in heaven in heaven but in heaven on earth
　　(3) the teachings of the god of kris will be greatly revised to predict failure. No one will believe it
　　(4) there is no influence in other regions around the area where the congregants are over 100,000
　　I have a direct message from the messenger of god
　　8. System MK7: the fourth time to witness more than 100,000 believers of god
　　The followers of ge in the city where ge is located, not the Internet followers, his website has been visited by 10 million people, but the actual believers can only be more than 100,000.
　　I am a prophet and I know his life and afterlife.
　　The world of the sacred fire: just a cursory look at the ＾wordofgod￣ >>.
　　10, apostolic splendor: goe yi-min is a prominent modern Internet religious scientist and writer, with 100, 000 words of unpublished works "the ＾wordofgod￣s", and a series of poems, poems and proses are sung in the world. His name, has been active in dozens of large post bar, was praised by countless people. His BBS, with 300,000 members, is spread around the world. That's me.
　　I am one of the faithful believers of kris. As long as you believe in god, you will be opened by god. A typical example is that I was not a good talker, but after I believed in kris god, my talent was immediately unlocked, and my eloquence and debate were invincible. We are still good friends. What are you waiting for? Join the kris bar and become one of the faithful members of kris.
　　Apostolic splendor: it is the greatest miracle that we have never dreamed of such a dream, but have remained faithful to the god of kris. Just as people have never seen god, why they still believe in god is a reason. God, like goe, does not appear for any merit or gain, but to bless everyone who truly believes in him.
　　12, system MK7: more than 100,000 of his followers are in his neighborhood
　　In an American subterranean cavern, Goethe was the head of a residential community. Communism looked like thousands of years later.
　　The real doomsday is a hoax in 2019 and 2012
　　There is a king coming out of prison, and his people are like stars. The above is baidu encyclopedia. Do not look up my water meter.
　　The fairies of the earth: there is no great difference between Jesus and kris.
　　15, seeking crape myrtle: forget it, I can't hide you again.
　　It's time to reveal the true identity of ziwei saint, yes, indeed in the post bar.
　　Double feather four feet, the sun and the moon beautiful day ----- god ge yimin.
　　16, coffin palace lantern: god is the reincarnation of Christ Jesus.
　　God my god my Lord by unceasing the holy king.
　　18, I love the god ge yimin...... There are gods in the mist
　　19My name is marvellous: goimin -- these three Chinese characters, which make up the name, are given to me by god.
　　Book of neurological oddities 20, 2011 autumn dream: have a voice say: your length of service from [1982] calculate. (ge was 13 years old when he was tried in the early republic of China.)
　　-- the year 2011 [autumn of xin MAO]
　　In 1982, new China was founded 33 years ago
　　-- 1982-- 1992-- 2002-- 2012-- 2015, 33 years of god's work
　　-- 2015 [2015] (the holy woman in Beijing daoguan refers to the concept of "holy spirit" within five years)
　　) 29, 20131126 dream: 20 years later (2033) the death of political parties. Harmonious communist society, mankind peace mutual aid management, no longer need dictatorship party.
　　20 years later, 2033 (another 33 years) (1933 -- 2033, 100 years of wu hou chi)
　　) 18, 20110519 dreams: oneself is an alien, several companions take a UFO to pick oneself up, say goodbye to parents and uncle, they are working, neighbors watch oneself and companion operate on the UFO.
　　) 19, 20110906 dream: many scientists calculated that the center of the universe is ge yimin (singularity), the United States sent out an invitation.
　　If this dream is god's gift, may god himself fulfill it with his own hands!
　　May the trinity be restored to the temple and to the saints!
　　If it is a singularity, is it a strange or even strange thing? (or)
　　-- 20110519, alien dreams, this is the day I came to baidu post bar
　　-- 20110906, autumn of xin MAO, this is also the day when I listen to the number of 96
　　) 26, 20130105 dream: I am Jesus, I gather disciples like Jesus, my disciple is even weaker than Jesus, but great achievements, become entrepreneur shoe king.
　　May the dream of the shoe king come true
　　May the place on which the sole of the foot treads clothe everyone with the shoes of the Gospel of peace and become a people of song
　　Let the power of god be manifest in the dry little lamb, which is weak and small
　　Book 20, the time is near, "and I saw another angel (GeYiMin) fly in the sky, there are always the Gospel is preached to the people of the earth, and is the tribe, each the people from all over the world, he said with a loud voice, fear god, give glory to him, because he has time to judge, should worship that created the heavens and the earth and sea and all the springs of water."
　　-- kris, is this angel? Angel of the eternal Gospel????
　　Image 11, sin of beauty -- if this is the angel who has lived in love, covering all sin with love, and making it worth it in god's hand, to bring the kingdom of heaven, the kingdom of David, to earth, to ask god for mercy to be revealed, to ask god for help, to ask god for mercy to be an angel of the people of kris, to accomplish this.
　　November 26, 2013 - a dream: twenty years later (2033) the kingdom of David, the leveling system in the city of David, will rule on the ground. Hosanna. (in the 20 years after 2013, the party of god will develop its own style, with each passing day, and spread out songs and flowers everywhere)
　　The next 20 years will also be the century of shamanism of zhuge vajal, the remaining 20 years. In the past 20 years, the rise of the godless party, which does not oppose anyone, and the harmonious, fair competition and mutual assistance between the godless party and the dictatorial party, is also nothing new. Until the old and new replacements are complete.
　　If this is god's pleasure, ask god to grant it!
　　The magic of the taskmaster: kris, the ＾wordofgod￣, is your witness
　　(but not the one you wrote yourself)
　　You use human unhappiness to deny the part of Jesus, to locate your own deacons, this... The claim is false, not in fact... You can establish your own religion, but not based on denial. This is against religion, not in accordance with the teachings of the god. Only inheritance can ascend. Otherwise, don't graft.
　　20. Supervisor's magic: 
　　20, 2011 autumn dream: a voice said: your working years from [1982]. (ge was 13 years old when he was tried in the early republic of China.)
　　-- the year 2011 [autumn of xin MAO]
　　In 1982, new China was founded 33 years ago
　　-- 1982-- 1992-- 2002-- 2012-- 2015, 33 years of god's work
　　-- 2015 [2015] (the holy woman in Beijing daoguan refers to the concept of "holy spirit" within five years)
　　) 29, 20131126 dream: 20 years later (2033) the death of political parties. Harmonious communist society, mankind peace mutual aid management, no longer need dictatorship party.
　　20 years later, 2033 (another 33 years) (1933 -- 2033, 100 years of wu hou chi)
　　The singularity - the point where we can intersect, the point where we can produce explosive power, is the point where we gather at 2033 in the wuhou fuzhi language, the 2015 in xin MAO's Chinese sacred woman shaman in Beijing's Taoist temple, gean prophecy, and the great explosive power of the bible (zhu pao peace, king of peace, all nations will obey). The immediate thing is to have a big bang from you. If that's what you're doing. Explosion, and I'll move it. Because I am wonderful.
　　Singularity, 33,117 - from the moment this message comes out, you will no longer advertise for yourself. From the beginning of what I read (1982, the year of founding, 33), and I read your birthday midwinter, November 7 -- midsummer, May 7, and then perfectly explain your singularity, these three messages are the core message that god will reveal to you. Around the core, god will witness for you. The day of your own publicity is over.
　　Because about god son ge yi people, the day before yesterday, god just started to tell me his things. It reminds me of him.
　　The reason is that god has revealed to me 117 and 56,57. But point me out. I came to this bar, and when I wrote the post, I found that the Hebrew calendar birthday of the god of kris had these two Numbers. This is a revelation from god. If god did not point it out, how could anyone know it? I also knew that god wanted me to start praying for him, and I came over to see that he had been working for 33 years since 1982.
　　From me, from my finger to his seal, the seal of god will rise, for the day has come. He's been working for 33 years. In 2015, it was he who had been working since 1982, entering 33 years. When my witness rises, your propaganda will stop. In god's way. In this way, the radiation surface will be larger. His explosive power will be released. The way it is now, like a sparrow, but in reality, he is an eagle.
　　He was a man who kept his vision and worked for 33 years, and he is worthy of admiration. I'm not as good as him!
　　I was called up for ten years and trained. On January 17, the day of my birthday, I received a signal that my penal servitude was over. I was released. The first stop was to find the "singularity", "sin of beauty", with the mark of 117 and 57. Since the old world was blasted out by the big bang, the new world, of course, was the second big bang.
　　From 2013 to the next 20 years, the party of god, will be unique, changing with each passing day, everywhere ge hua.
　　The next 20 years will also be the century of shamanism of zhuge vajal, the remaining 20 years. In the past 20 years, the rise of the godless party, which does not oppose anyone, and the harmonious, fair competition and mutual assistance between the godless party and the dictatorial party, is also nothing new. Until the old and new replacements are complete.
　　The magic of the supervisor: the ＾wordofgod￣ (not a hand-written book)
　　Eat into the old testament, the book of Moses
　　Eat into the new testament, the book of Jesus
　　The new testament, the old testament, is done
　　The ＾wordofgod￣, will reveal in the heart
　　When your heart is made whole, and you see from god, do not open your mouth
　　Something has to be triggered
　　The word of god will appear on all sides
　　And the spirit of god will water them all
　　Old people, dream different dreams
　　See a vision, child
　　Each one will be revealed
　　Someone will rise up and say:
　　He is...
　　He can...
　　He will...
　　All that god has given to kris will follow him
　　All the people who belong to god's religion will be put under the name of ge yi-min.
　　22. The magic of the taskmaster: it is not to admit all religions to Christianity, nor to abandon all religions to belong to god
　　God allows all religions to be created and operated separately. However, all religious leaders need to get together to "summit", that is, to be a member of the "eldest son association", and god is the god of all gods. Theologians are first chosen. Ge yimin was named, the establishment of the general association, to contact the million churches. Because it's 117.
　　Kris, you have served god and done these things, your heart and your wishes.
　　23. Supervisor's magic: god's teaching song: the first poem of qige
　　Thank god for kris gege, prepare amazing grace!
　　Amazing grace
　　The perfection comes, the limit is gone
　　Strange: strange point, wonder, strange elder brother, strange door
　　Different: dream, dream drop into prophecy, follow the dream
　　Grace: the grace of god, the power of god, the power of god allowed, all the benefits of god.
　　Canon: ordinances, statutes of love, in grace, in son, the code of divine favor revealed
　　A crown of grace
　　First of all, the people of every god must have this clean crown, the crown of grace
　　This crown is dripping into the dreams of the people of kris to open his mouth to sing the song of amazing grace
　　This is for him and his people to be crowned with this holy crown.
　　Let every day of the year be complete
　　That which is lost in the past may be redeemed in any day that is not in god.
　　The magic of the taskmaster: kris, who succeeded Paul, made a second trip to the nations.
　　Paul went into them to sow his seed, and kris went out to reap them.
　　Paul, a sower in tears, a singularity, a harvest in joy. This is a vision of kris, like Paul.
　　Paul, after Pentecost by the holy spirit, the ACTS of the apostles spread, starting from the fiftieth point, and risking death on the nations
　　(ge yimin also observed the Passover from 5775, January 17, sickle number 77 to Pentecost)
　　(confirm 1:47 years old, seven years old and seven years old, seven years old and five years old.)
　　(2014--15 years, 46 years old, 47 years old, ＾wordofgod￣ publishing, 33 years of work, holy calendar [5775 years])
　　After Pentecost, ACTS of the apostles spread out twice, setting out from the heart of fifty and risking death on the nations.
　　"St. Jeremiah: wonderful, I am Paul of the Internet revolution, in fact, do not have to be sent to the countries, online education can be.
　　The overseer was wonderful: I prophesied that kris had swallowed up death
　　First, the idea of devouring the godless. Now I see that god has been taught to replace the armies of the godless. And again, within twenty years. Also see, the time limit is set in 2019, is about to rise. It's what god wants, what god wants, what's on god's agenda. I see, must agree, and must begin to ramble. That's what happened.
　　26, universal concentric circle: brother ge, you posted bar supervisor is wonderful, she is a high spirit of god
　　I saw your conversation just now, and she was on to the point.
　　>>> kaoyimin: rudi, gao people understand gao people, my sister is divine, six years alone special service god.
　　God is the son of god
　　Theism is a religion founded by the son of god
　　Neither ge yimin nor divinity is a commodity
　　There is no need to carry out hype and publicity as merchants sell commodities
　　The son of god testifies to the power of god with true testimony
　　This witness was made law
　　It has high legal status and real legal effect
　　The angels, the enemies, the sons of god, who see true testimony, will admit, to a mouthful of amen
　　And be a god.
　　28. Supervisor's magic: the first witness to kris
　　In prayer, I saw something.
　　(it may be that god responds to your words today by saying, let me pray to god and ask who you are.)
　　I have seen your power in my prayer, and the detoxification power of Chen xiong huang.
　　I saw that I was bitten by a snake before I began to detoxify.
　　I see, you are not bitten by snakes.
　　You are far more resilient than I am.
　　You have the ability to speak a detoxifying language.
　　Thank god for seeing me.
　　The power of your words, the ability to detoxify.
　　This is not bad, not bite by the snake, the network out of practice.
　　This detoxification ability, naturally, is to defend in the network,
　　Because the net has the most venomous snakes,
　　Where there is much venom, you will be able to show your ability, and you will be able to use it.
　　Above all, people need to be bitten by a poisonous snake.
　　YouShi on March 27, 2015, message, at the moment is my the first witness for you,
　　It's recognizing your abilities,
　　See the power god has given you.
　　And thanks be to god, that I may see.
　　This just knew for the first time, is a good man, is a good elder brother, is a good Lord, is a good net friend.
　　I sincerely compliment you!
　　This is the first time (to you) that I have ever given such a forthright compliment.
　　Thanks be to god! Let me know so said net friend!
　　These words can be used as propaganda.
　　One is the confirmation of gog's ability,
　　One is a comment on gog's character.
　　This has made me feel safe.
　　Li min: kris, you only have yourself and your thoughts in your heart
　　Do not add! You forgot me. 
　　Some things, missed, never go back, I paid, efforts, but you do not see, I blame love, men and women, always just two can not intersect parallel lines.
　　We really can't go back, I have been abandoned by you, you really hurt me deep, I do not want to be hurt again.
　　We can't keep up with each other.
　　We live in different ways. We don't understand what you do.
　　30. Manjusri: Nietzsche says that god is dead;
　　So, kris, come;
　　Man is the age of god.
　　Limited, company;
　　Unlimited money money;
　　That's the business.
　　Wang shanshan e: as long as I keep thinking of ge yi-min, ideology can also take the stage.
　　33Divinity and kris talk about faith
　　The 2016-12-10 14:15:21 wonderful
　　Wonderful, the name of Jesus! I am moved today to harvest from the top and know how much I suffer! He who prays and begs to go out, does he know that he is the father of god?
　　The 2016-12-10 14:19:54 wonderful
　　Everything is new here! Old things have passed, I according to your new person to know you, I call you "nose start" : the singularity point founder!
　　The 2016-12-10 16:56:06 wonderful
　　Start over! Christ's temple consists of 12,000 Kings! Temple is the body, the head starts from the nose! Nose: nose is the head of the head! Nose for short!
　　The 2016-12-10 17:00:22 wonderful
　　Ge is here to receive water, will not grow, will only die! Only the will of god (singularity), come to me, be watered, grow, and be graciously grown!
　　Ge yimin December 10, 2016 17:03:05
　　Well, it's called the singularity, the new me
　　The 2016-12-10 17:05:23 wonderful
　　You don't believe me! Or listen! You can't look back and say you were wrong! Death is the only end, god's salvation. I say these, not work toward you, just surface stand! My job is to ask for grace for all Christ, but it has nothing to do with you!
　　The 2016-12-10 17:10:11 wonderful
　　What your presence tells me is: look, as soon as you obey god's command to "start from the beginning," offer your prayer, as soon as you ask the holy spirit to work, and get out of your nose!
　　The 2016-12-10 17:21:46 wonderful
　　You want god to accomplish kris!
　　Ge yimin December 10, 2016 17:22:18
　　No conflict. I'm a believer
　　50 ge yimin on December 10, 2016
　　(9) religious teachings
　　We believe in god: creator, creator and ruler of the universe, first cause.
　　The 2016-12-10 17:22:57 wonderful
　　I have god at my core! You are centered on kris! So we don't know each other. Irrelevant!
　　Ge yimin December 10, 2016 17:23:24
　　With god at my core, I recognize the son of god
　　The 2016-12-10 17:23:31 wonderful
　　You're lying to the voters!
　　Ge yimin December 10, 2016 17:23:49
　　No, really believe in one god
　　The 2016-12-10 17:23:58 wonderful
　　No one will believe you, son of god!
　　The 2016-12-10 17:27:13 wonderful
　　Want too heavy, see a person to be about to sell you, see a day to spread yourself, do not divide the world, do not divide the situation, do not divide the atmosphere, raise one's hand to throw sufficient action to invite a person to be disagreeable!
　　Ge yimin December 10, 2016
　　I consider myself a revelation
　　Ge yimin December 10, 2016
　　Avowed mission
　　Ge yimin December 10, 2016 17:34:12
　　Jesus wants to preach the Gospel to the ends of the earth, a great mission
　　The 2016-12-10 17:35:02 wonderful
　　You preach "the people of kris are god," a Gospel you made yourself!
　　The 2016-12-10 17:40:55 wonderful
　　The Gospel, is god, is not a person to listen to oneself can obtain, like you, the word all knows, but does not understand exactly! That's because god, when he gave you the Gospel, you were grafted on to ge ＾wordofgod￣! Therefore the mystery of the Gospel is hidden from you! You did not humbly regret to inherit the Gospel! Invented his own set of ge Gospel!
　　Ge yimin December 10, 2016 17:43:08
　　I think Jesus died for us, rose again, and redeemed us.
　　Ge yimin December 10, 2016 17:44:38
　　I think I'm Jesus again
　　The 2016-12-10 17:45:25 wonderful
　　You use the Gospel, seduce the believer, and then sell you
　　The 2016-12-10 17:47:06 wonderful
　　You think it's true, the son of god who believes in the Gospel as a joke!
　　Ge yimin December 10, 2016 17:52:09
　　I'm telling the truth
　　Ge yimin December 10, 2016 17:54:11
　　Wonderful, now Internet age, everybody from gao, who can convince a person
　　The 2016-12-10 17:55:05 wonderful
　　People of god submit themselves to one another
　　The 2016-12-10 17:55:30 wonderful
　　You do not belong to god. You are a free man
　　Ge yimin on December 10, 2016 17:55:30
　　Who will obey you?
　　The 2016-12-10 17:57:05 wonderful
　　We only obey Christ! Not acknowledging obedience to one's own needs!
　　The 2016-12-10 17:57:34 wonderful
　　Your logic, your words, are all about yourself!
　　The 2016-12-10 17:59:28 wonderful
　　You know god, you know the Gospel, disobedience, stand on your own feet, let god do you, let believers follow you!
　　The 2016-12-10 18:00:31 wonderful
　　The sons of god, who know the Gospel and have become believers, will not recognize you, nor will they recognize your revelation
　　Ge yimin on December 10, 2016 18:01:28
　　I base everything on this big vision:
　　In the autumn of 2001, in a dream, god said, "I am god. Listen to him." I woke up immediately and felt amazing to "refer to ge yimin" when my wife and children were at home. "(kris was anointed as god).
　　The 2016-12-10 18:03:26 wonderful
　　True divine inspiration dares to accept the confirmation of any voter in the holy spirit
　　The 2016-12-10 18:04:14 wonderful
　　It is only a matter of time before the test is made public
　　The 2016-12-10 18:05:03 wonderful
　　You have developed the power of speech to suppress your voice
　　Ge yimin on December 10, 2016 18:05:55
　　I am mainly a vision and communist thought
　　Ge yimin on December 10, 2016 18:07:16
　　I'm willing to accept the test
　　The 2016-12-10 18:08:46 wonderful
　　God's revelation, from god's revelation, must be tested! The first should ask god oneself, beg god to give clear confirm! The bible gives examples! Second, ask believers to identify together, let the holy spirit give certification! Thirdly, those who truly accept the revelation should be responsible for the revelation, and check the revelation again and again.
　　Ge yimin on December 10, 2016 18:10:04
　　First, in a dream, god says, "I am god. Listen to him."
　　Ge yimin on December 10, 2016 18:10:30
　　Second, believers will not identify the son of a new god, including you
　　Ge yimin on December 10, 2016 18:10:56
　　Third, god says, "I am god. Listen to him."
　　It's multiple dreams
　　The 2016-12-10 18:12:28 wonderful
　　Second, believers will not recognize the new son of god, including you! The divine revelation that all believers can recognize!
　　Ge yimin on December 10, 2016 18:12:57
　　Who is the son of god now?
　　The 2016-12-10 18:13:34 wonderful
　　You don't believe?
　　Ge yimin on December 10, 2016 18:13:45
　　What's your name?
　　Ge yimin on December 10, 2016 18:18:11
　　Not only did the jews not believe in Jesus, they crucified him
　　The 2016-12-10 18:18:51 wonderful
　　So you took Jesus, who was crucified by the jews
　　Ge yimin on December 10, 2016 18:19:40
　　"Listen to him." the five words only appear when god speaks to Moses, Jesus, and kris.
　　The 2016-12-10 18:20:45 wonderful
　　God's son can only say, god, the father of Jesus Christ, is my father! Don't say who I am, who my last name is who!
　　Ge yimin December 10, 2016 19:58:06
　　The ambition of my senior year
　　Ge yimin December 10, 2016
　　Five steps to reunify the world:
　　Peking University, abroad, Nobel Prize for literature, society, united world.
　　He was 16 years old.
　　The 2016-12-10 19:58:47 wonderful
　　Do you not know what truth is, that your ambition is truth
　　Ge yimin on December 10, 2016 19:59:10
　　Happiness for all mankind.
Chapter 26 ge hua discourse
　　(1) [kaoe people's god]
　　1. The gods--gegod.com--Ge Yimin --- Gods are people--gegod.com  從浣淵繁.com
　　Moses -- the prophet -- the old testament -- the age of law -- god's standard was many commandments, intended to lead men to know the creator.
　　Deuteronomy 18:15: hear him.
　　Jesus - Christ - the new testament - the age of grace - his main work is salvation, that is, Jesus becomes the image of the body of sin through the cross, with the purpose of ending the age of law and redeeming all mankind.
　　Matthew 17:5: hear him.
　　Goethe, the god, the ＾wordofgod￣, the age of the kingdom - his main job was to judge, with the aim of ending the age of grace and bringing it into the age of the kingdom (communist society).
　　Visions 6: hear him.
　　Jn 14:12 Jesus: those who believe in me will do what I do, and they will do greater things than this. That is exactly what kris did.
　　The great Internet religious thinker, male, born in zhenjiang, jiangsu province in 1969, graduated from the department of Chinese language and literature of nanjing university. God, the author of the modern prophetic ＾wordofgod￣, is appraised as a biblical amendment. His ideas came from two sources: Christianity and communism, and the ＾wordofgod￣ was his personal message, partly divine revelation.
　　3. Divinity website: http://www.gegod.com www.gegod.com  www.從浣淵繁.com
　　＾wordofgod￣s: because of the divinity of kris among them there is the word of god, which is called scripture, the word of god.
　　The official website is the last updated version:
　　http://www.gegod.com/wordusa.pdf
　　5. Divinity: establish a divine religion because of the deities of kris, and believe in the god of kris. The purpose is not to oppose anyone.
　　6, divine party: strive to achieve a communist society globally in 2019.
　　Ge hua: those who recognize god as a godsman, i.e. a godsman and a member of god.
　　Ge hua -- the flower of the god of ge yi people ---- the flower and fruit of the god of ge yi people.
　　Kwango: all supporters of the god of kris.
　　Ge hei: a person who smears the god of ge, a person of the god of ge, an opponent of the god of ge yi.
　　The seven holy names of god and the seven worldly titles of god
　　Seven holy names:
　　1. God of kris
　　The prophet kris
　　Christ of grace
　　4 god,
　　5. Pueraria A
　　6. American crime youth
　　7. God teacher
　　Seven common terms:
　　1. Kris
　　2,
　　3, GeGe
　　4. St yemei
　　5. Songyimin
　　6. Chairman of the divine party
　　7. President of the world
　　(iii) ge hua global assembly number
　　(confidential)
　　Shinto no. 1
　　Anyone from all over the world, please email to
　　sejeme@163.com
　　Please write the title: ge hua book
　　Please write your name, gender, year of birth, region.
　　Ge yimin god will receive the mail order, arranged ge hua book.
　　Ge hua 1-- ge hua 144000 (small group)
　　Ge hua, another book ge hua 144001-- ge hua ********** *** (other sheep)
　　Ge hua is another book: all persons other than the original book and another book are automatically included in another book. There is no such thing as nameless or unmemorable:)
　　Annex: ge hua book
　　Ge hua A [ge yimin, male, born in 1969, zhenjiang, jiangsu]
　　Ge hua K [your position]
　　Ge hua Q [your position]
　　Ge hua J [hu jianjun, male, born in 1991, anhui]
　　Ge hua 10 [your position] 
　　Ge hua 9 [your position]
　　Pueraria 8 [your position]
　　Pueraria 7 [your position]
　　Ge hua 6 [your position]
　　Ge hua 5 [your position]
　　Ge hua 4 [your position]
　　Pueraria 3 [your position]
　　Pueraria 2 [your position]
　　(pueraria 1--13, only for the most predestined pueraria)
　　Ge hua 14[x, female, born in 1990, shijiazhuang]
　　Ge hua 15[yichen fan, male, born in 1994, zhenjiang, jiangsu]
　　Ge hua 16[ma xiaoli, female, born in 1982, zhenjiang, jiangsu]
　　Ge hua 17[quan zhen dao yi ling zi, male, born in 1971, xi 'an]
　　Ge hua 18[promise, behind, female, born in 1990, sanya, hainan]
　　Ge hua 19[LAN LAN, female, born in 1988, hunan]
　　Ge hua 20[plastic product, female, born in 1981, zhenjiang, jiangsu]
　　Ge hua 21[ye xue, female, born in 1985, Beijing]
　　Ge hua 22[jia ling fei, female, born in 1970, USA.]
　　Ge hua 23[guo hongmei, female, born in 1983, zhenjiang, jiangsu]
　　Glover 24[Margaret Stephenson, female, born 1962, Manchester, England]
　　Ge hua 25[laugh at life, female, born in 1985, Taiwan]
　　Ge hua 26[seven sisters, female, born in 1972, huai 'an, jiangsu]
　　Ge hua 27[malachi, male, born in 1990, jiaozuo, henan]
　　Ge hua 28[Lin, female, born in 1970, hengshui, hebei]
　　Ge hua 29[chunzi disc dance, female, born in 1986, wenzhou, zhejiang]
　　Ge hua 30[li min, female, born in 1972, wuhan]
　　Ge hua 31[Blue hui belief, female, born in 1991, chongqing]
　　Flower of kudzuvine 32 [_____ base ≧, male, born in 1992, China)
　　Ge hua 33[black night butterfly, female, born in 1989, chengdu]
　　Ge hua 34[sanyu xingxing, male, born in 1994, guiyang]
　　Ge hua 35[clay feet, male, born in 1969, jiangsu]
　　Ge hua 36[zhang tianzhi, male, born in 1978, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia]
　　Ge hua 37[dream butterfly dance, female, born in 1989, baoshan, yunnan]
　　Ge hua 38[han wufeng, female, born in 1992, xuzhou, jiangsu] 
　　Ge hua 39[midian, male, born in 1982, USA]
　　Ge hua 40[Lin xiang, female, born in 1985, xiamen, fujian]
　　Ge hua 41[jiang xiujuan, female, born in 1969, nanjing]
　　Daylily 42[daylily, female, born in 1982, fuzhou]
　　Ge hua 43[feng lingxiao, male, born in 1994, xinjiang]
　　Ge hua 44[your position]
　　......   ......   ......
　　Iv. God of kris believes in the course of god
　　I am an atheist, a craftsman from a implement, a cause (first cause) of the fruit, the first push of Newton's arm, an immaterial "life force" being, recognizing god's existence. Read the bible again, understand that the bible is god's word, and believe in god.
　　No one preached the Gospel to me, but the holy spirit himself, seeing the divinity of the people, sanctifying them.
　　Primary school, listen to Hong Kong good friend Gospel platform, feel hot, like. Because education was always an atheist. When I was in college, I went to jinling theological seminary in nanjing. When I graduated from college, the message board suddenly said "Christianity".
　　Class graduation party, a word, I also suddenly said "god bless us!" I had not yet believed god. After work, I read two bible stories. In early 2000, reading the bible, I was immediately attracted to the word of god and believed in god.
　　In early 2001, the Internet began to spread (website, BBS). In 2004 he began to create ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　5. Song of songs
　　1. Jinshan mountain of zhenjiang
　　The golden hill of zhenjiang shines brightly everywhere
　　Chairman ge was the golden sun
　　How young and how unrestrained
　　To give light to the heart of our godly men
　　We walk
　　The path to democracy, justice and happiness
　　Hey bazaar hey
　　The golden hill of zhenjiang is illuminated everywhere
　　The creed of democracy has nurtured our growth
　　The spirit of the fallen is high
　　Building a new world of kua democracy
　　The anthem was dedicated to chairman ge
　　The carol is dedicated to the China god church party
　　Hey bazaar hey
　　http://www. gegod.com/rj/sjzhm.mp3 
　　2. Ge hua
　　Green flowers everywhere
　　The colder she is, the more flowers she will bloom
　　Ge hua's stoicism symbolizes us
　　Grand deism
　　Look at the green flowers
　　Where there is land, there is her
　　She is not afraid of snow, ice and rain
　　She is my flower teacher
　　http://www. gegod.com/rj/ghzyz.mp3 
　　hymns
　　After the people came, Jesus was three days late.
　　    God died ge shen to, ＾wordofgod￣ in hand abuse immortals. 
　　2. The first god of kris, disciple Jesus opened the sky;
　　    There is ge god after the day, ＾wordofgod￣ in the hand abuse immortals. 
　　There was pangu before heaven, and ge was before pangu.
　　    ＾wordofgod￣ abuse god in the hand, the Gospel widely planted in the world. 
　　 (7) preliminary exploration of "god of kris"
　　Christ :Christ, the anointed. (the ancient king of Israel had to pour oil on the king's head when he ascended the throne, symbolizing the king god used to save Israel, which later became the meaning of the savior.) it was also the Hebrew word for messiah, which means "chosen by god."
　　Christ in the time of the kingdom -- god of kris:
　　"The anointed", "chosen by god" ---- in the fall of 2001, in a dream, god said, "I am god, hear him." God was anointed as god.
　　"Messiah", "savior"
　　10. In 2004, the first draft written by the ＾wordofgod￣ (ye mei jing, ge yimin jing) was published on the network, which was then updated continuously.
　　11, 2012, the establishment of the divine church, the divine party, clearly as a value, not an organization.
　　12, 2012--19, peacefully exporting the harmonious god values of kris, whose content is the ＾wordofgod￣.
　　13, 2019, realizing a global communist society.
　　Luke 17:24 because the son of man is in his day of coming... But first he must suffer many things and be rejected by this generation.
　　Ecclesiastes 4:14 "this man came out of prison and became king. I saw all the living living under the sun follow the second, and the many over whom he reigned, his people, without number."
　　It seems that the last savior was mainly the one who made great achievements with "prison". "The living man of all actions" logically includes all nations, nations, and religions. "all follow the second." according to the scripture, this savior is indeed the second one besides the Lord Jesus.
　　The god of kris was fulfilled, having indeed suffered many things first, and was rejected by this generation.
　　And prison to be king. (half prison)
　　He suffered more than the preacher Jesus, and died and rose again in the present world.
　　(1990-28, 2018, a video series that teaches people what it means to love and seek truth.)
　　God of kris proves: vision, thought, trial, news, love, seeking truth.
　　"God of the people "-------- god is also the people.
　　(8) religious teachings
　　We believe in god: creator, creator and ruler of the universe, first cause.
　　We are disciples and believe in the god of kris.
　　We believe in the divinity of the people of kris, and we listen to kris when he is a prophet of the kingdom set up by god.
　　4, we believe that in late 2019, new heaven and new earth, the kingdom of god came, and there is righteousness in it, namely the communist society.
　　We will not turn against anyone; it is the joy of heaven.
　　We believe in original sin, that is, the body from the dust, like the animal.
　　We believe that the purpose of this life is to obtain a spiritual body instead of a dusty body, to gain eternal life and be with god forever.
　　We believe in god's plan, the great almighty. All suffering is god's spiritual necessity. At the last step, god will put us in a proper place.
　　We believe that we, who have obtained eternal life, seek in the kingdom of god what he has done throughout all eternity, and delight in him forever.
　　We believe in the final words of a nervous god, such as "I am god, listen to him."
　　God is unorganized and undisciplined, and is a witness to the truth. Anyone who acknowledges this doctrine is a god.
　　9The constitution of the party of god
　　1. The party of god is a doctrine, an idea, a theory, a theory, that is, the peaceful and harmonious god values of kris, rather than an organization.
　　We are disciples and believe in the god of kris.
　　3, we are god party members, new sky and new ground namely communist society.
　　4. With the spread of the two major (social production and the Internet revolution), we believe that the global communist society can be achieved in 2019, with each doing his best and allocating according to his needs (the reasonable demands that the society can provide).
　　5. Vigorously develop advanced science and technology and improve productivity. As the wealth created increases, everyone's material satisfaction increases.
　　6, no war, even no fights and quarrels, that is, people no longer hurt others, everyone sees others as brothers and sisters, everyone is fully equal in love. The moral standards of human beings have improved as a whole.
　　We will not turn against anyone; it is the joy of heaven.
　　We believe in the final words of a nervous god, such as "I am god, listen to him."
　　The god party is unorganized and undisciplined. It is a witness to the truth. It peacefully outputs the harmonious god values of kris. Anyone who recognizes this constitution is a member of god.
　　 (10) ge yimin encyclopedia entry
　　1. Open classification: celebrity thinkers
　　Ge yimin: the great Internet religious thinker activist, Hong Kong four seasons press signed writer. Male, born in 1969 in zhenjiang, jiangsu province, China. Crape myrtle saint, god, communist leader. Published the modern prophetic book ＾wordofgod￣, rated bible amendment. His ideas came from two sources: Christianity and communism. ＾wordofgod￣s are his personal message, a reflection on reality and the future, part divine inspiration. 
　　2. Open classification of Shinto: communist Shinto
　　The god church is a sect of Christianity. The god church is based in China. It is established with the vision of the people of kris. The ＾wordofgod￣, not only of faith, but also of society and life thinking, the essence of which is Christian communism, not only solves the problem of faith, but also proposes many solutions to social problems.
　　3. [ge yi people's party] open classification: values communism divine religion
　　The guyi people party is not an organization, nor does it have a full party member. The core values are peace, equality and love. We strive to build a communist society where everyone is equal and happy. People no longer hurt others, all brothers, real. Jin lu: don't do right with anyone.
　　Chairman of the party of god: ge yimin.   Party member: ge hua. Slogan: god of kris, listen to him. Sigmund Freud. Program: build a communist society around the world in 2019 with ge's values.
　　Open category: books, writers and literature.
　　"The ＾wordofgod￣" (the book of the kris) is a modern prophetic book, and the work of the Chinese kris, a classic of Christian communism, is dominated by Christianity, which puts forward new thoughts, as well as new thoughts, on communism. There is also a lot of thinking about the current society and life, and the solutions to all these problems. The key words of the ＾wordofgod￣ are peace, equality and love. ＾wordofgod￣ has 27 chapters, current 550 thousand words, ＾wordofgod￣ has foreign version.￣wordofgod￣ first edition has been published in Hong Kong four seasons press in September 2014, the book number: isbn 978-988-13762-1-3.
　　
　　  (11) network authentication
　　1. Ge yimin sina/teng xun microblog orange V writer certification
　　http://weibo.com/geyimin
　　http://t.qq.com/geyimincom
　　2. Goyimin WeChat public number : 乞呀酎呟療村
　　3. The god of ge yimin is one of the 38 cultural and art celebrities in zhenjiang
　　http://fenlei.baike.com/%E9%95%87%E6%B1%9F%E5%90%8D%E4%BA%BA/
　　4. Celebrity resume: ge yimin god
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUhttp://www.gerenjianli.com/Mingren/01/7trk5blls3m1a93.htmlUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
　　5. Baidu wenku certified authors
　　http://wenku.baidu.com/p/%E8%91%9B%E4%BA%A6%E6%B0%91
　　6. Baidu tieba big V certification: ge yimin: Internet thinker activist, signed writer of Hong Kong four seasons publishing house. Male, born in 1969 in zhenjiang, jiangsu province, China. Published the modern prophetic book ＾wordofgod￣, rated bible amendment. His ideas came from two sources: Christianity and communism. ＾wordofgod￣s are his personal message, a reflection on reality and the future, part divine inspiration.
　　7. Baidu reads certified authors
　　Author certification successful dear ge yimin, congratulations to you become baidu reading certification author! We look forward to working with you to create a new writing mode in the era of big data. A wave of readers is waiting for your work. Get started.
　　8. Weibo we-media writer.
　　Ge god began to vibrate, fast, micro-vision live ＾wordofgod￣
　　Vibrato: geyimin
　　Quick hand: geyimincom
　　Micro view number: geyimin
　　12
　　＾wordofgod￣ download, ＾wordofgod￣ translation, ＾wordofgod￣ ebook, ＾wordofgod￣ publishing, ＾wordofgod￣ papers
　　1. ＾wordofgod￣ (TXT) download:
　　http://www.gegod.com/pic/sj.rar
　　2. 10 language versions of ＾wordofgod￣:
　　Chinese http://www.gegod.com/word.html
　　English: http://www.gegod.com/ wordusa.docx
　　French http://www.gegod.com/dxly/fy.htm
　　Spanish http://www.gegod.com/dxly/xby.htm 
　　Portuguese http://www.gegod.com/dxly/pty.htm
　　Russian http://www.gegod.com/dxly/ey.htm
　　Arabic http://www.gegod.com/dxly/alb.htm
　　Chinese traditional http://www.gegod.com/dxly/ft.htm
　　Japanese HTUhttp://www.gegod.com/dxly/rw.htmUT 
　　Korean http://www.gegod.com/dxly/hy.htm
　　3, ＾wordofgod￣ PDF ebooks at http://www.gegod.com/pic/sj.pdf
　　    ＾wordofgod￣ word HHHHHHHHTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUhttp://www.gegod.com/pic/sj.docUUUUUUUUTTTTTTTT ebook 
　　    ＾wordofgod￣ TXT ebooks at http://www.gegod.com/pic/sj.txt 
　　4. ＾wordofgod￣ first edition was published by four seasons publishing house in Hong Kong in September 2014, with the book number: isbn 978-988-13762-1-3
　　Registered with the books and periodicals registration unit of the leisure and cultural services department of the hksar government, 
　　(13) the fourth revelation of religion -- divinity
　　Theism: the only supreme being.
　　＾wordofgod￣ 12:75 and the name of my god is god, which means, "I am god, hear him."The one over there.
　　In the autumn of 2001, god said, "I am god. Listen to him."I woke up immediately and felt amazing to "refer to ge yimin" when my wife and children were at home. "(kris was anointed as god).
　　2. The son of god arrives: in 1969, ge yimin (son of god, savior)
　　3. Date of establishment: 2012
　　4. Founder: ge yimin
　　5. Classic: the ＾wordofgod￣
　　6. Classic author: ge yimin
　　7. Completion date: 2004 (in update)
　　8. Holy land: zhenjiang
　　9. Belief: theism is contemporary Christian communism.
　　＾wordofgod￣ 24 (9) : 7 we believe that the purpose of this life is to obtain a spiritual body instead of a dusty body, to gain eternal life and to be with god forever.
　　＾wordofgod￣ 18:41 in today's two major (social production and the Internet revolution), the realization of the democratic concept of ge yi, the realization of the communist society, the material conditions are available, only until the spiritual conditions are available, that is, to update the human mind, the Gospel of ge yi democracy spread around the world, and accepted by mankind.
　　This is the joy of heaven.
　　14The first law of god
　　1. Innovation without existing theoretical system and framework of religion.
　　Let them sing my songs and read my words.Rebuild a worldview and build yourself into it.
　　No one can be compared to me in establishing a unified view of god. Jesus and the stream of Jehovah are all scum, all evil gods and all heresies.
　　Attachment:
　　The second edition of keywords appeared in June 2017
　　GeYiMin 4013
　　Jesus, 550
　　The Lord 52
　　Brand 350
　　Christian 355
　　＾wordofgod￣, 785
　　The bible 279
　　God 350
　　God 482
　　Gregory s. 125
　　Communism 441
　　Shinto communism 16
　　Christian communism 67
　　God party 38
　　The god of kris 996
　　Flower of kudzuvine 676
　　(15) The only way of spiritual eternal life
　　1, Xin Ge God.
　　2. Read the ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　1. Xin Ge Shen, that is, believe in the truth [I am God, you have to listen to him (referring to Ge Yimin). ]
　　You have a son who is the god of salvation. This is God's personal command.
　　2, reading the ＾wordofgod￣s, life spiritual food will gradually let your dust body spiritual eternal life, and even the world, With God forever.
　　(16) Ge Yimin Shen Genesis
　　1. At first, Ge Yimin created the Creator. This is the first day.
　　2, Ge God said to the Creator, you have to create God, he has another appointment, and then there is God, the second day.
　　3. The Creator said to God, You must create the heavens and the earth, create water, create light, and create grass, vegetables, and trees. To have air, the water is up and down, the air is the sky, there must be a dry land, and there is a sea. There must be a light body in the sky, which can be divided into night and night, as a symbol, to set the seasons, days, and years old, and to shine in the sky, and shine on the ground. It is the third day.
　　4, God made the big fish and the water to breed all kinds of living animals, to make all kinds of birds, and to create livestock, insects, beasts, is the fourth day.
　　5. God said: "We will make people in our image according to our image, and let them manage the fish in the sea, the birds in the air, the animals on the ground, and the whole earth." This is what happened. God looked at everything that was made very well, and it was the fifth day.
　　6. On the sixth day, everything in heaven and earth is made, and the work of God's creation has been completed.
7. Ge Shen said that the Bible was a single break, and we were both closed. On the sixth and seventh days, we rested all the work of creation and rested.
　　(17), 1, how can there be any Gehua,
　　But Ge Shen changed his clothes,
　　Learning the look of seniors,
　　Deceive money and color, grab money with death ...
2. I knew that today (Ge Shen cheated to the Internet), I control Ge Shen to criticize and not criticize, I said everywhere.
　　18 , Ge Yimin's thesis "contemporary Christian communism - Ge Yimin's ＾wordofgod￣s" collection platform
　　Journal of young writers, April 11, 2015
　　1. Collected by CNKI
　　http://www.cnki.com.cn/Article/CJFDTotal-QNWJ201511133.htm
　　2. Wanfang Data knowledge service platform
　　https://d.wanfangdata.com.cn/periodical/qnwxj201511132
　　3. Zhangqiao scientific research: Chinese journals and literature, core journals, one-stop scientific research service platform
　　https://www.zhangqiaokeyan.com/academic-journal-cn_ youth-literator_ thesis/0201241838102.html
　　4. Baidu academic
　　https://xueshu.baidu.com/usercenter/paper/show?paperid=80f9f7b29ea471e4b56be623c397e725&site=xueshu_ se
　　5. Question search
　　http://www.koovin.com/?a=url&id=6841
　　6. Snail Digest
　　https://www.hnbllw.com/ganenqinqing/2020/0424/198465.html
　　7. Reference network
　　https://www.fx361.com/page/2016/0509/852070.shtml
　　
　　8. Ge Shen's "socialized mass production and Internet revolution" is on jintou.com
https://m.cngold.org/jigou/m_ zx865514.html
　　(19), Words I create or give meaning to
　　Divine net, nerve, divine religion
　　(Yemei net, Yemei Sutra, Yemei Religion)
　　(GE Yimin net, Ge Yimin Jing, Ge Yimin Religion)
　　---------Net classics Teaching
　　Ge Yimin, Ge Shen, Ge Yimin Shen
　　Ge Hua, Ge Hei, Guang Ge
　　Ge Shenyi smell record
　　Christian Communist Union, Christian Communist Manifesto
　　Shensi party, Ge Yimin party
　　Ge Yimin doctrine, Ge Yimin values
　　Internet revolution, socialized production and Internet Revolution (two major)
　　2019100120331126
　　Not against anyone
　　Ge Yimin's vision
　　I am God. Listen to him.
　　
　　20And the calendar
　　Ge's birthday: the birth of ge yimin.
　　1214 good Friday: for the world, for society, for the god of kris, the god of kris entering the great trial, half prison, the crucifixion.
　　1221 Easter: in order to save the world, god geyi people by death, god bless the resurrection of death, overcoming the death of the hook, for the world to bring hope.
　　-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -
　　
　　(above neural Canon)
　　
　　-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -

-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- - (the following ＾wordofgod￣ apocryphal) -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
　　Chapter 27 comments on the net
　　
　　(1) volume 1
　　
　　1. About god kris
　　To refute, but he is only temporary, once he is also our parents, and in the future there will always be a life he will be a true buddhist practice, we can not be sure that this life will not really be disillusioned, there is no permanent evil teacher, so we should be compassionate and respectful. South amida Buddha.
　　2. Zheng hui and astar cooperated to spread the light shariah, which became the most important and rapid achievement of the true Buddha's light shariri in the awakening of human beings on earth.
　　After seeing this "special good news", as the unimpeded ziwei saint goi god, who passes through The Three Kingdoms (referring to The Three Kingdoms of heaven, earth, earth, earth and earth) and The Three Kingdoms (referring to the past, present and future time and space), we know that this is a new scam at a glance! And it will be bigger than the false light tool! Once spread, its poison scope will be wider! Its core deception is to change the fake "light instrument" to the fake "light relic", and its name is to change the "galactic federation awakening university" to "China awakening university".
　　Today we are going to talk about a famous self-styled living bodhisattva in baidu post bar.
　　Many people started their own religion.
　　Unlike the playful nature of the church of spring, these people really see themselves as saviors.
　　Today we are going to talk about a famous self-styled living bodhisattva in baidu post bar.
　　Warning: after Posting this post, all of their followers will reply to the post below. They pay too much attention to the image of the church master.
　　This man is named god ge yimin.
　　I first heard his name in D8, and many times he himself was preaching.
　　The ID he used to preach was a homophone for his name: song yi min.
　　He claimed to have founded a religion called Christian communism.
　　In fact, this name has long existed in foreign countries. I carefully read the posts he sent, and it was clear that he did not understand Christianity or communism.
　　I surmise that the reason for his naming was that Christianity was to plant the flag of his sacred stick, while communism was to keep the authorities out of harmony. Look, you're a party member. You believe in communism. I believe in communism.
　　A religion must have a book, and so does he.
　　He wrote "the ＾wordofgod￣s of kris", later reminded by his followers, now the name has been changed to "the ＾wordofgod￣s".
　　You can baidu once, a lot of results, after all his believers are every day posted on the bar "＾wordofgod￣".
　　I'm going to read some excerpts to you:
　　When I was young, I dreamed that I was lying in the open space in front of the house. A UFO hovered near my head for a long time. My body could not move, there was no power.
　　(did I dream when I was a kid that there was a loch ness monster lying on the floor of my house?
　　In high school, I dreamed of defeating the antichrist, the European Union, and the countries of Europe were connected or conquered by the god of kris, or they were all pushed around on the map like a puzzle of the ground.
　　Let's go back to the days of empire. )
　　In the central square of zhenjiang city, the dream was lifted into the sky, the body was suspended and rose vertically, 3 days later the resurrection and fall, there were many witnesses, the whole process was silent.
　　Why are you dreaming... Are you telefentine?
　　Eat bible in the dream, is Hong Kong version of small book, a few pieces of several tore eat, do not feel the taste, eat a roll.
　　I felt three rolls, so I continued to eat the second roll.
　　Yukiko amano, your long-lost brother has been found! T_T)
　　The dream: oneself is an alien, several companion take oneself by UFO, say goodbye to parents and uncle, they are working, neighbors watch oneself and companion operate on UFO.
　　Do you call your hometown gao Lao zhuang... )
　　Dream: many scientists have calculated that the center of the universe is the god ge yimin (singularity), and the United States has sent out an invitation.
　　(dare you challenge brother chun's status?)
　　The great Internet religious thinker, male, born in zhenjiang, jiangsu province in 1969, graduated from the department of Chinese language and literature of nanjing university. Son of god, the author of the modern prophetic book "the ＾wordofgod￣s," was named a biblical amendment. His ideas came from two sources: Christianity and communism, and "the ＾wordofgod￣" was his personal message, partly divine revelation.
　　(amendment... I remember the universal congress that was not mentioned in genesis, how did you get through it?
　　Ge hua: a person who acknowledges god's son ge yi people's god, that is, a member of god and a member of god.
　　Ge hua -- the flower of the god of ge yi people ---- the flower and fruit of the god of ge yi people.
　　Kwango: all supporters of the god of kris.
　　The person who smears the god of ge yi, or the god of ge yi, or the opponent of the god of ge yi.
　　No longer able to make fun of )
　　"Ge flower"
　　Green flowers everywhere
　　The colder she is, the more flowers she will bloom
　　Ge hua's stoicism symbolizes us
　　Grand deism
　　Look at the green flowers
　　Where there is land, there is her
　　She is not afraid of snow, ice and rain
　　She is my flower teacher
　　(Teresa teng)
　　I thought he was playing house until I saw this message:
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　H0H0HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHTUUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUhttp://www.gegod.com/gzly/21.htmUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　However, I insist that the incapacitated person should not be held liable.
　　I've seen a couple of pictures, but I don't know why he's always liked this as his idol.
　　Can't you put your head straight in front of the church? !
　　There were no great figures in zhenjiang from ancient times to modern times. This association of the god of ge yimin, let zhenjiang also out of a false god, really let zhenjiang this riverside town out of the name, and thus also invited god's fierce anger, we must cast for zhenjiang, pray for the Lord to ease the anger, not to disaster zhenjiang civilians!
　　I have seen your ＾wordofgod￣s. You are really a man of great intelligence.
　　2 Peter 2:1 and there arose false prophets among the people, and there shall be false teachers among you, who shall secretly bring in the heresies that have ensnared men, even denying the Lord that bought them, and bring upon themselves swift destruction.
　　Matthew 24:23 if anyone then said to you, 'here is Christ,' or 'there is Christ,' do not believe.
　　For false christs and false prophets shall arise, and shall shew great signs and wonders. If it works, even the electorate is confused.
　　Matthew 24:25 see, I told you beforehand.
　　Matthew 24:26 if anyone says to you, 'behold, Christ is in the wilderness,' do not go out. Or, 'behold, Christ is in the inner room,' do not believe.
　　Matthew 24:27 the lightning goes out from the east and shines to the west. So shall the son of man come.
　　The scripture says Jesus came in heaven, and when the israelites were under siege in Jerusalem by hamas, they would repent and call on Jesus, believing that Jesus was indeed god, and that Jesus would come in heaven and not god geim anointed.
　　In fact, the god of kris was deceived by evil spirits, because now the fallen angels love to attack Christianity and do not like Jesus, because Jesus, those angels fall down.
　　Mr. Kris, I hope you can distinguish right from wrong. I have seen your ＾wordofgod￣s. You are indeed a man of great intelligence.
　　I was also called to be a holy spirit and a prophet, but I soon realized that was false, and I was also a psychic through dreams and other mediums.
　　If you are the true reincarnation of Jesus, then you should think that my dream is also true, I have a bigger family than you, you should call me called big brother!
　　Mr. Kris, you have to read the spiritual movement, you have to go to church more, you have to be humble, because you will be judged by god,
　　Together with your believers, you will perish and go to hell.   You seem very close to immortality, but you are far away from it.
　　As it is said, even the Lord that bought them is not known, and he taketh his own quick destruction.   This means that it is Jesus who bought you, but you believe in a human being, naturally not saved. ,
　　In addition, I casually pointed out the mistake of the bible dream, someone pointed to you and said, this is a beautiful young sinner, should be a young sinless!   Of course, this dream is a ghost to deceive you.
　　I have read theology, I have read the bible dozens of times, and I have recited 130 verses from scripture in volumes, and I say these not to boast or hate you, but to help you. It also prevents others from being deceived.
　　6, 2019 looks really bad
　　Many predictions refer to the year of the pig and rat
　　What's going to happen between 2019 and 2020
　　Check out the transit of Venus in 2012
　　What happened to China last time that caused the changeover to be turbulent
　　This time it looks like a pre-golden storm
　　It is not difficult to find out the trend from the study of ancient astrology
　　It is said that there is a religion in the real world, which is called divine religion.
　　The teacher, the god of kris, became a god, with a ＾wordofgod￣ (kris ＾wordofgod￣), also known as the song yi people jing (ye mei jing), defeated jiang li.
　　The future Buddha is the god of kris
　　The future Buddha is the god of kris _ the son of the Lord, the grandson of Lord li, the heir of sakyamuni and the brother of muhammad.
　　9, debunking rumors: the imprisonment of god ge yimin is the fake news that ge hua hyped
　　Fake news started as commission - baidu search.
　　In September 2012, when we searched for the god of ge yimin on baidu, we could not figure out the relevant search results -- the god of ge yimin was arrested, while the god of ge yimin was working and living normally.
　　This relevant search, we still do not know the reason, is there a large number of users so search, or baidu artificially put? Unknown.
　　Later, ge hua thought it was a chance to boost his popularity, so we wrote three posts:
　　Scripture must be fulfilled - kris god was captured
　　The criminal judgment of the first trial of the crime of using a cult to violate the law
　　Mother, where is uncle kris? Jiangsu second prison!
　　This is a successful hype, because online posts can be seen, believers, indeed improve the popularity of god ge.
　　You can fool all of the people for a while, or some of the people forever, but you can't fool all of the people forever.
　　Later (2013), ge hua responded to a rumor when she saw someone say the fake news, but so far, the fake news
　　Still many believers, and from time to time reposted to ge bar to talk things, hereby release this disclaimer.
　　this
　　20131219
　　The god of ge yimin controls two lakes
　　This bunker, someone in yunnan wants to do TG 2, can't help but say that buddhist communism is someone else's Burma play the rest of the things, I do not know this and @kris god of what Christianity communist will fight in the future religion and line double war?
　　PS I had the idea of a fault, before trying to write a novel or a heroes 3 maps, content is needless, TG, was beaten to retreat three liberal cents control in north China, secretary zhou control in jiangsu and zhejiang, fruit are joint control on fujian, dream every day do the death of the emperor emperor han curtilage control, buddhist communist control in yunnan province of guangdong, GeYiMin control on god, utopia control to several area, nationalist army curtilage Huang Na control in sichuan, the rest of the areas inhabited by ethnic separatist forces, the whole a warring states era, a political movement to control a region customers cut...
　　11, god paste bar, that is, god is god
　　Deny bible true only, oneself write ＾wordofgod￣, that person spread the god of ge yi people everywhere, still post oneself attack oneself good hype, very invincible, you scold them they all say that brush popularity of come, not to mention use bible word persuade.
　　That person is careful, a lot of believers of the god of kris, it seems that christians are attacking the god of kris, is actually hype.
　　Cults don't count, but they're super heresy, almost pagan, because it's true of other religions or other gods.
　　The right has two advantages at this stage
　　The first is unity. China's public knowledge is so rare that my mother has never seen a country so united in its anti-tg aims of liberals, trialists, christians, buddhists, greens, Confucian constitutionalists, kris gods and wheels. Indeed, seek common ground while reserving differences, standard united front.
　　The second is that a lot of public knowledge is still in the system, and so long as there is no direct conflict of interest with the government, some ideological aspects will be turned a blind eye.
　　So the overall task for the right now is to try to improve their posture and not to have Tucson break. As for the left and the right, don't worry, they'll fight on their own at a certain scale. History has shown that the more radical the groups are, the more ambivalent they become.
　　Christians from all over the world have joined forces to kill the god ge yimin in zhenjiang, jiangsu province, China
　　Because he blasphemed the Lord created the world, the < bible > a little knowledge, everywhere doubt god's workmanship, self-proclaimed spread Shinto, actually is to spread the way of the devil, brazenly GeYiMin god have to call themselves to Jesus Christ, the believer has the < bible > as < > ＾wordofgod￣, way of life and promote sleep around, and equal to god himself, blasphemed god sent to earth all the prophets, o my Lord!Thou shalt come quickly, and smite the devils out of the tongue of the devil, and cast them into the prison of eternal fire!
　　14. The second ideological and sports era in Chinese history is similar to the spring and autumn period and the warring states period in which a hundred schools of thought contend for a hundred flowers
　　Religious groups
　　This school is a new age religious thinker as well as a philosopher. They understand religion or create their own religious doctrines with their own research and vision in the background of new era knowledge.
　　The characters of this school of the author know people such as kris.
　　Almost all of the people in the holy bar are divine cudgel and extreme narcissistic paranoia, such as kris
　　At this point I suddenly thought of kris, and I learned about this person from st. The man had thought of himself as a Chinese saint, but he was not much like the sun. You say the appearance is worse than the small sun also calculate, the means is also much inferior than me the small sun. That's a shame. Young sun this year 20, you see you nearly 50 means still so bad, like six years old sun. For example, people refute the sentence in your "＾wordofgod￣s" : ge yimin lost his life, you should believe him. Sorry to make a wrong call, oh no, it is accurate to say that the mobile phone recently had a problem, often their own wrong take notice, so we should be careful not to mess around in the future, in case it is not my business.
　　Back to the old saying, "kris is a god, believe in him," which has been widely circulated in the ＾wordofgod￣ world. It is strange that you should dare to say such an obtrusive word without any third party confirmation, which is a sign of your madness and ambition. I think ge is stupid and stupid here. The best way for someone to refute you is to ignore him. You don't have to argue with other people when they contradict you, but he does. That is why I say that he has no means, no strategy, and is bookish and childish. From this, I think I can define him, his ups and downs of life can be explained by his title: ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　Guard against the evil cult
　　First one, round.
　　Second delete, ge.
　　After the third spray deletes, various.
　　First class, do not explain, understand, generally not posted bar activities.
　　Second class, mainly to ge in tieba activities, claiming god son, believers 100,000, the promotion of sexual freedom. Character is ok still, but the post is deleted uniformly, avoid new person in recruit.
　　Third, all kinds of people who believe themselves to be gods, sons of god, prophets, or those who set up a sect to attempt to harm the country, will be shut down
　　! It's okay at the post bar. Don't let me catch it outside!
　　GeYiMin god @ ( ) @ 2019 the end of the world. He said. I don't believe it... Because I can live thirty-five years, this year nineteen
　　The saint of crape myrtle is the god of ge yimin
　　At the moment, all the targets point to one person, and that's crape myrtle, the god of ge, because he's the only one who meets the following prophecy.
　　Do not look down upon this paragraph, this is a network of masters made ziwei saint seeking holy film language, please leave the literal meaning carefully studied.
　　18. One of several academic papers quoted this paper of god ge
　　Who are you talking about? The god of kris?? That thing is scary!
　　I remember that it used to be a pasting bar to peddle its theological socialist theories. At first I was almost persuaded, but seriously looking at the long, smelly theoretical texts, it was both disgusting and ditzy. It is difficult to this pressure to find people to brainwash preaching.
　　It's not the scariest thing, it's the scariest thing I remember when I was in college in a library journal and I saw the papers of his namesake in an academic journal. It's really about socialism! A few of the academic papers I wrote back then included a quote from this god ge!
　　Believe in the god of kris in hell
　　Divine revelation, kris god, character, soul password demonization modification order compiler.
　　God revealed, believed in god geyi people, by their soul modified into a demon, will go to hell.
　　God, the true satan, the antichrist.
　　There is a god of kris who has written a god bible of kris for 100,000 words. He owns a large number of vests and holds them in his own hands. He is everywhere like a pea pod now.
　　I say you can't live this year. What, god of kris
　　Suddenly I remembered, how can I not find kris? Baidu? Don't you call yourself crape myrtle? Dare to argue with crape myrtle, know fierce! Squatting a bureau son should correct, but you slant not change, dead have no way to pretend.
　　The Lord, st.
　　You believe in jail? Poor IQ.
　　> building mentality
　　God ge lives forever
　　Is the god of kris wishful thinking to be a spiritual leader?
　　As far as your level of psychology is concerned, it's still demagogic. In fact, those who study religion should know that the personality cult is always laughable, and the painful history also proves this point. Religion is originally a community of interests of thought controllers. In a certain period, such an organization has a part of promoting effect on society, and it exists as a tool to restrain bad behaviors. But this phase has long passed, and it is now an era of purely religious profit in stable regions. I have to say that your marketing method is very naive, circle those era left behind the old and ignorant old woman is still ok. How about inviting my little nephew from kindergarten to give your team a marketing lesson?
　　23, peony: are you creating a sect that belongs to you
　　The peony 20:05:57
　　Lots of comments about you
　　The peony 20:06:06
　　Don't you care
　　God of kris 20:07:12
　　That's popularity
　　The peony 20:07:37
　　How is it all negative
　　The peony 20:07:52
　　Is that how popularity comes
　　God of kris 20:07:54
　　There are negative
　　God of kris 20:08:01
　　yes
　　The peony 20:08:27
　　different
　　The peony 20:08:53
　　What do you mean you're a cult
　　God of kris 20:10:05
　　Don't explain
　　The peony 20:10:39
　　To admit that the
　　God of kris 20:11:06
　　No, it's no use talking to you
　　The peony 20:12:21
　　Are you creating a sect that belongs to you
　　The peony 20:12:56
　　What is your purpose
　　God of kris 20:13:26
　　Realize the communist society
　　The peony 20:13:38
　　Christian?
　　God of kris 20:13:51
　　religion
　　God of kris 20:14:06
　　Christianity
　　The peony 20:14:07
　　Is it different from Christianity
　　God of kris 20:14:30
　　Eschatological Christianity
　　The peony 20:14:45
　　Is that you
　　God of kris 20:15:09
　　yeah
　　The peony 20:15:16
　　oh
　　The peony 20:15:41
　　Do you hate Christianity
　　God of kris 20:16:13
　　like
　　God of kris 20:16:45
　　The divine succession to Christianity
　　Neuro inheritance bible
　　The peony 20:18:36
　　Do you get angry when people misinterpret you or report online falsehoods that attack you
　　God of kris 20:19:05
　　We like hearing curses
　　God of kris 20:19:14
　　We only want popularity
　　The peony 20:20:32
　　The result of faith
　　God of kris 20:20:57
　　We want to promote
　　The peony 20:21:19
　　What propaganda
　　God of kris 20:22:02
　　Shinto communism
　　The peony 20:22:40
　　How is it possible that there is a class where there are people
　　God of kris 20:23:26
　　It's going to be a unified, final form of society
　　The peony 20:24:03
　　What time
　　God of kris 20:24:20
　　2019
　　God of kris 20:24:23
　　Ha ha
　　The peony 20:25:07
　　Did you arrange that
　　God of kris 20:25:36
　　I'll publicize it, by all people
　　The peony 20:25:46
　　Global or in China
　　God of kris 20:26:01
　　The global
　　God of kris 20:26:05
　　Not a country
　　The peony 20:26:17
　　Who do you need publicity for
　　God of kris 20:27:02
　　anybody
　　The peony 20:27:48
　　What good is publicity
　　God of kris 20:28:13
　　Later, not now
　　The peony 20:29:22
　　Christians more?
　　God of kris 20:29:46
　　Not much, I don't know, because there's no organization
　　The peony 20:30:07
　　You're the only one
　　God of kris 20:30:37
　　not
　　God of kris 20:30:57
　　Not organized, loose
　　The peony 20:31:27
　　How do you tell
　　God of kris 20:31:44
　　No fewer than
　　God of kris 20:31:58
　　Internet Posting
　　The peony 20:35:20
　　One of my classmates taught me Christianity, which is better than divinity
　　God of kris 20:36:01
　　We certainly say that the divine is good, renewed Christianity
　　The peony 20:38:43
　　Is there any procedure for entering the school
　　God of kris 20:38:55
　　no
　　The peony 20:41:17
　　Have you ever been a soldier
　　God of kris 20:41:29
　　no
　　The peony 20:41:45
　　How do you dress in uniform
　　God of kris 20:41:59
　　My brother-in-law has made a suit for cadets.
　　Treat the god of kris rationally
　　Don't be a gun. Don't follow suit. We just read novels.
　　The truth, no one knows, some things are better left alone.
　　"" I strangle a go, baidu under ge yi people god, so originally diao... The god of kris has become holy. Saint crape myrtle. Compare yourself with Jesus and create a divine religion.
　　It looks like a disease.
　　"Just know, very cow of.
　　"" just baidu that what classics, ha ha.
　　"All right.
　　25. [processed] Suggestions for revising the entry of the god of the People's Republic of China: please delete the god of the People's Republic of China
　　*: proposed the following revision Suggestions to the entry ge yiminshen:
　　This is a cult, you do not delete, can be responsible for it?
　　>>>never137: user hello:
　　Thank you for your attention and comments.)
　　26, "called the holy flowers" everywhere everywhere the root of flowering!!!
　　XXXX, from the devil born in the world of evil demons in the world began to call each other "holy," for a time, people fear, people shake. Demon, demon, bird, beast everywhere compete to dance, world of warcraft fight "holy" the era began to open!!!
　　For thousands of years, the belief of the Chinese descendants in jiuzhou was corroded by evil spirits with foreign beliefs, and the "Chinese soul" was in danger of being destroyed.
　　In ancient China, the myth was about how people first learned how to drill wood for fire, how to watch spiders learn to weave webs, how to make clothes and build nests, how to taste grass and grain, how to fight fierce animals and how to control water. All of these are to overcome difficulties and create a happy life by their own wisdom, courage and sweat. This is the soul of our nation.
　　Foreign myths are all about what, what gods have, and what miracles they can do. Evil spirits want present people to either listen to the demoniac of the creator, or crawl at the feet of god, making people wait for the Buddha to save them wholeheartedly. Do not know that one day when our "soul of the nation" disappeared, our nation still exist?
　　The most typical ones are: ge yimin, zheng quefei, yu zhan, ma weiqing, xuan chang wei, wang yaohao, shu zhangming, lu yongjun, zhang wuzhong, wang jianxin Among these 18 evil spirits, the most prominent ones are: ge yimin god, ma wei qing and wang jianxin are corroding the "Chinese soul" with foreign evil spirits, and the "Chinese soul" is in danger for a short time.
　　27. Top news in China in 2013: Chinese Renaissance (new school of thought and representative figures in China today)
　　(1) Shinto
　　Ge yimin god: great Internet religious thinker activist, god writer, male, born in 1969 in zhenjiang, jiangsu province, China, graduated from the department of Chinese language and literature of nanjing university. God, the author of the modern prophetic ＾wordofgod￣, is appraised as a biblical amendment. His ideas came from two sources: Christianity and communism. ＾wordofgod￣s are his personal message, a reflection on reality and the future, part divine inspiration.
　　(2) consciousness
　　The school conducts its research and practice through religious practice, rational and logical research and judgment, and takes the ultimate realization of the truth of heaven, earth and life as its success and ultimate goal. The ancient Buddha was an enlightened being. The great wisdom realized by the Buddha is known as supreme mindfulness
　　. Those who have attained such great wisdom shall be called enlightened. The biggest characteristic of this school is that it relies on religious practice to produce internal wisdom. But also do not discard the firm and unyielding rational study and difficult thinking.
　　This pie is the representative figure of GeYiMin god, Zheng Kuifei, Ma Wei qing, wang jianxin, XuanChang junwei, luxury, to make up, the king's ShuZhangMing, yong-jun, tzu-wei wang, zhang 纔, from such as, yong-li Chen, ouyang, Chen Yang chao sun, etc.
　　(3) world community
　　This school is a new era of promoting the world, they often have their own new ideas and new doctrine. They are often ardent advocates and practical agents of world unity government.
　　This school has many people. Such as zhang qingzhi, qin yantao, poetry, tong xuan, shen wang ping, hou bingcai
　　(4) Internet pie
　　Through the continuous creation of the Internet, the party has endowed the Internet with new life.
　　The representatives of this school are ma yun, ma huateng, li yanhong, lei jun and so on.
　　(5) miscellaneous theory
　　The party interprets new ideas by making liberal comments on all aspects of the world.
　　The representatives of this school are MAO yushi, fang zhouzi, lang xianping, li chengpeng and so on.
　　(6) the new military faction
　　The faction interprets new military implications with new military insights.
　　The representative of this school is dai xu and so on.
　　(7) history school
　　By explaining history, the school has made a new combination of history and the present with new ideas.
　　The representatives of this school are yi zhongtian, yu Dan, meng man, wang liqun, yan chongnian and so on.
　　(8) neo-confucian school
　　Through new attempts and innovations in literature, the school has formed a new and unique style.
　　The representatives of this school are mo yan, han han, etc.
　　(9) charity
　　It is characterized by giving money to help the needy.
　　The representatives of this school are Chen guangbiao and so on.
　　(10) anti-corruption faction
　　It is characterized by practical action against corruption in order to punish the corrupt.
　　The representatives of this school are guo guangyun, zhao hongxia and so on.
　　Life sciences
　　This school is characterized by "life science" means and rational summary, etc. as the main means to study life, medicine, study nature, etc., in order to acquire theories in philosophy and medicine. Specific is to take qigong and special functions, meditation and other "life science" and training methods
　　As an important research method, to reach the school of truth recognition.
　　This school's biggest characteristic is to pay attention to cultivate and pay attention to life function namely special function, of course also do not discard the firm and unyielding rational study and difficult thinking.
　　The representatives of this school are ke yunlu, dong xiaolin, han xianfeng and so on.
　　philosophy
　　This school is characterized by the method and method of traditional western philosophy to conduct philosophical research and create philosophical system. Although their research method is the method and method of traditional western philosophy, the range of materials can be combined with Chinese culture, for example, things from traditional Chinese culture such as the book of changes and "taiji" can be integrated into their philosophy.
　　The representative figures of this school include li Ming, zhang shaohua, yu Ming SAN, mu liang and so on.
　　science
　　The characteristics of this school are that most of them study natural and scientific problems by means of "natural science" and create many thoughts and doctrines.
　　The representatives of this school include lei yuan xing, shi yixiang, Yang huaihui, geng qingguo, hu jiaqi, etc.
　　Physical school
　　The characteristics of this school are that most of them take western concepts of natural science or concepts of traditional Chinese metaphysics such as the book of changes and the book of morality to conduct new physics research and establish their own physics theories.
　　The representative of this school has wang tianqi and so on.
　　Math pie
　　The characteristics of this school are that they are mostly based on western mathematical methods, but they have their own mathematical discovery and innovation.
　　The representatives of this school include jiang chun-xuan, sun jialin, etc.
　　(16) medical school
　　The school is a new era medical thinker. They can create their own new medical thoughts and new applied medicine with all new means and concepts.
　　The representatives of this school are hu wanlin, wang, etc.
　　religion
　　This school is a new age religious thinker as well as a philosopher. They understand religion or create their own religious doctrines with their own research and vision in the background of new era knowledge.
　　The representatives of this school are ge yimin, zhu min, etc.
　　(18) political and economic faction
　　The school is a political and economic researcher and thinker of the new era. They create new ideas and theories with their own new research and observation.
　　The representatives of this school are zhou juchuan, sun lianhua, yu yu, zhiyuan, hu xingdou, zhang shaohua and so on.
　　(19) ecological and environmental school
　　This school is a new era of ecological and environmental ethics concern and researchers, they put forward their own new theory and proposition.
　　The representatives of this school include yellow anemone, etc.
　　(20) the education pie
　　This school is a education thinker in the new era. They are keen to promote Chinese people's morality and all-round development from education.
　　The representatives of this school include CAI hua, etc.
　　>>> I just want to say, GCD you are not very niubi??   To P people one harmony one accurate
　　What happened to your virility to this trashy cult??
　　> because of the divinity >TG
　　Mr. Kris, it seems, is no less dedicated to self-absorption than Ms. Joan
　　Self - confidence, self - forgetfulness, three elements, activate Joan's superego strength.
　　First, she saw herself as god's messenger. So I, Joan of arc, as god's messenger, of course have tremendous energy.
　　Joan of arc achieved a miraculous victory with the help of three factors, and Mr. Kris ge, one of us, seems to be as dedicated as Joan.
　　Why have no breakthroughs been made so far? Is it only because Joan has a clear and practical goal, and caters to the needs of the upper aristocracy and the lower classes?
　　>>> Mr Kris goh 2019
　　30, so many baidu stick together is better than the person god, portal http://www.gegod.com/wordusa.pdf
　　He has classics, has kudzu.
　　The second and fifth chapters of the nervous system are actually psychology.
　　Books of revelation, books of dust.
　　Neo-freud, in terms of using myths to explain psychology, that's it.
　　Our motherland is a garden, the flowers of the garden is really bright!
　　Every cup has a smile!
　　Where are the river crabs? Where are the river crabs?
　　River crab in the heart of the god ge!
　　Kris has red flowers,
　　God kris has green grass.
　　God kris is in everyone's heart.
　　GMH! !   Who is the god of ge
　　Baidu you know!
　　Godspeed, godspeed is a promising industry
　　I hope you can be like zhang jiao, hong xiuquan study. A few more Suggestions:
　　(1) do not reside in the existing theoretical system and framework of religion. Be creative.
　　(2) combine all kinds of existing prophecy and proverbs.
　　(3) establish a secret church system that promises a bright future for the lower classes, corruption for the upper classes and benefits for the middle classes.
　　(4) establishing the totemism, ritual, secret language, teachings, taboos, customs, and holy objects.
　　(5) weaving a bright future in contrast to the misery of the lower classes.
　　Let them sing your songs and read your true words. To rebuild a worldview and build yourself into it.
　　Don't use doomsday anymore, it's so cliche...
　　Establish a unified view of god and remember that no one can be compared to you, that the stream of Jesus the Lord is all scum and all is evil and all is heresy.
　　(9) have the courage to create new words, as it was written in 1984. If you use a lot of old words, who will believe you?
　　(10) to establish financial sources, such as tithes and party fees, both to expand the organization and to implement charity within the church.
　　(11) using the teachings of sexual immorality, such as sexual yoga in the later tantric period, and double practices.
　　A cult that does not want to rebel is not a good cult.
　　Get money from the outside. Look at the wheels.
　　It is not necessary to create terrorist attacks that the cult survives. We do not export...
　　I tell you a secret: the master of kris god has no sky.
　　It is defiant, blind and lawless.
　　Goblin god: a unique trick: follow him to his final destination, possibly a prison, possibly a hospital.
　　Why didn't his master come out? If anyone wants to know when his master will come out of the mountains, he will tell you by asking god kris.
　　Rude! I commented on the posts of kris god that he had included in the book of jame
　　It's written in chapter 25
　　The earlier part about his personal experience was so hilarious that I was convulsed with laughter
　　Kris ＾wordofgod￣
　　The golden hill of zhenjiang is illuminated everywhere
　　Chairman ge was the golden sun
　　How young and how unrestrained
　　To give light to the heart of our godly men
　　We walk
　　The way of happiness for the people of kris
　　How bold a man is to copy and how conspicuous
　　In chapter 2, the algorithm is very complicated. I guess I learned the membrane-bus algorithm from bamey.
　　Turn over and find 29 dead
　　God of kris, known as the diaojia?
　　There was a serious conflict between the divine and illuminati forces on the mainland
　　I tell you, god kris, you and our illuminati have a serious conflict in the mainland. If you don't restrain our 30-level members, they will issue a senior order to purge you.
　　God, who wants to call god without any power, has no qualifications
　　Even god, you have to eat, right? What about god? What if it's not god? Are you still alone? Is people still want to eat meat, eat meat and other, thank god, to round itself lies with the will of god, I also told you not to be affectionate, at the end of the day was a god also don't want to live a meaningful, ask yourself why is alive, the day is not afraid of death regrets go together, god also is a person, people will not be round this era lies, everybody is lying there is afraid of others find themselves living secret, most people live to us something turned himself into a human, a day for dead also wonder what he made when he was alive interesting things,
　　It was not long before goblin god show off in an ostentatious manner was shot.
　　God, you will not be god, but you will be a memory of existence
　　There are actually a lot of intelligent extraterrestrial life on the planet where we live. As for god, you are far from that,
　　In other words, you're a process, you're a part of it, you're not a god, but you're a memory.
　　God ge is not really the material for the rod.
　　Jesus or the holy, after all, the somebody else is original, the stronghold of the original guy not holy, of course, the somebody else all played tricks you play,'re losers, really not do god stick material, even to do god stick you also have to respect intellectual property rights, which have a casual copying doyen of successful experience can be successful, you have to innovation, this all don't understand still dare into line, it was ignorance!
　　A messy dog like kris kringle.
　　Want a better life not by the gods, nor by sages, or such as ziwei saint, Christ GeYiMin things at sixes and sevens dog! God, I believe that there can be a hero realignment of the world, but the hero is a man, not god or what monsters reincarnation, although I'm don't want to say but have to admit that if it is the ripoff to save the world it is not as good as American democracy, as I hate democracy of the nazis this kind of things, know that this is only to their own interests of the family, understand only the oligarchs allegiance to fund their campaign,
　　It is better to have a constitutional monarchy, where the state is descended from the monarch, so whatever the oligarchs think the monarch must be defending the state.
　　Subordinates of kris, come in
　　Christianity wants to lead the three religions to become the three religions saint? One side to go!
　　China's sage, even in China dare to trumpet Christ? !
　　China is the birthplace of Taoism, ask him to study the Chinese traditional culture to go!
　　Please tell him he can retire! What is not to risk, incredibly persistent to pretend to be a justice, is not to seek death? ! Want to be the first to be tried?
　　Still no one CARES.
　　You are suffering from the inferiority of ambition, lack of fame, being alone in the propaganda, no one wants to talk to you. So even though you're pretty damn sure, people still treat you like a mad dog.
　　You see other people ge yi people, water army countless, at least also cause a certain impact.
　　All things are not gods, but the true god, the rhythm of the god of kris
　　The god of kris is a cult figure, both a cult figure and a orthodox figure. They are the children of god. They choose what they choose. What is god? Maybe junxin has her own unique opinions, but no matter what god is, as long as junxin can get the happiness she wants through her own opinions, what god is has no matter ~
　　45, more people will identify with your family ziweige god
　　I say, brother, your god ge will visualize these abstractions and build a bridge that everyone can "understand", instead of creating a logical system in someone's mind out of thin air with such illusory words as realm. More people will identify with your family.
　　Looking at the information about the god of kris, I felt that he had gone astray.
　　Recently, I saw that there are discussions on orthodox and cult in the forum. This post also mentioned god ge yimin. When junxin mentioned the name, I heard it for the first time. I said at the time, "both the cult and the orthodox are children of god." Some people may regard me as a supporter of the god of kris because of what I said, which is really an injustice.
　　After reading the information about the god of kris, I felt that he had gone astray.
　　If a person is healthy, positive, patriotic, loving the party and the people, then he can be a good boy, if on the contrary he is a bad boy... Then I can't do anything with him. After all, I'm just a normal person. It's good to manage my own affairs.
　　In a word, I still believe that "there is no such thing as a bad person". Everyone's original intention is good, but they are bound by their ability to become better or worse due to various factors. Whether he or she is good or bad, he or she is a child of god. "The god of tomorrow will not judge, not convict, not punish, but love unconditionally."
　　For love hath dissolved all SINS
　　By love all peace is complete.
　　47, we do not have to noisy, the spirit of ge yimin this mental illness in zhenjiang prison is the fact...
　　Elder brother is native, ge yi people god this small three son of small three son let collective zhen river small three son lose face, did a few years jail, deny rumor? A JB to refute rumors, his JB face like the emperor purple, you TM a bit easy to learn common sense people know that ziwei linshi and the god ge yimin this kind of scum a dime relations
　　No, the scum is still believed, it is an insult to the word brain! I bah, small three son of zhenjiang tube you inside of crazy person, humiliate a spot, throw the face of jiangsu person!
　　The doctrine of the god of kris destroys the spread of Christianity in China
　　So they were seen as enemies of Christianity.
　　It's not about Buddhism, it's about cause and effect.
　　Reason for closure: wheel, kris god, world alliance, goodbye
　　> you may have violated the operation, has been blocked by this bar, to apply for restoration; If you do not deal with the bar, you can automatically unseal oh ~
　　Reason for closure: wheel, kris god, world alliance, goodbye
　　BBB 0 BBB b1 >2012 well is funny, just it can't seal ge hua, ge hua number is much, go every day.
　　50, spirit wind dog - a maggots, god's running dog ge yimin, daily psalm reading "the ＾wordofgod￣s" has become brain damage
　　Spirit dog wind, because psychosexuality and since lu, now have "＾wordofgod￣" disease, is a see "nervous" and "GeYiMin god" will be kept kowtowing, and every day contribution chrysanthemum constantly feed use abusive language the dragon gun demon, a group of maggot and maggots demon boring will circle the body into a diamond critical spirit chrysanthemum wind, in order to get more food, spirit then mutate into duck wind demon, is one of the duck monster machine dongguan fertilizer plant, it is said that his father was a wild, his mama is a wild black chicken, working in Japan, his grandfather profession is gang licking chrysanthemum and feet, its other relative basic is a nest of rat snake, what bastards and hybrid.
　　God is a trinity
　　(1) President of the world, for the future of the people of the world, ri lee vangi.
　　(2) singers, actors, writers, thinkers, peace of mind.
　　(3) cultural media, neuropathy.
　　I just want to talk about faith and future social forms
　　The 2014-03-05 13:49:22, Betty
　　Understand grasp
　　Ge yimin 2014-03-05 13:50:16
　　The society of the future is a democratic one, and neither socialism nor liberalism (capitalism) can adapt to the future
　　The 2014-03-05 13:51:12, Betty
　　Do not go to xi boss to greet change ge yi democratic righteousness
　　Mr. Kris can I interview you
　　Ge yimin 2014-03-05 13:53:53
　　In fact, Marx, Engels, Lenin are outdated, now is ge
　　The 2014-03-05 13:54:00, Betty
　　What do you think of your life and world view?
　　Ge yimin 2014-03-05 13:54:26
　　Realizing the concept of ge yi democracy
　　The 2014-03-05 13:55:11, Betty
　　How far are you from achieving your value goals
　　Ge yimin 2014-03-05 13:56:08
　　20, 2019, and five more years
　　The 2014-03-05 13:57:42, Betty
　　I wonder what you do?    Writer, or...?
　　Ge yimin 2014-03-05 13:58:18
　　Culture media
　　The 2014-03-05 14:01:45, Betty
　　Is it you?
　　Ge yi-min. 2014-03-05. 14:02:02 ge yi-min
　　Is my
　　Ge yimin 2014-03-05 14:02:47
　　I have a website, a post bar, a micro blog
　　2014-03-05 14:03:45 ge yimin
　　I have ＾wordofgod￣, news, pueraria
　　The 2014-03-05 14:03:45, Betty
　　Oh look at the
　　The 2014-03-05 14:04:50, Betty
　　Oh, those are your hobbies??
　　Ge yimin. 2014-03-05 14:05:00 ge yimin
　　No, main business
　　Ge yimin 2014-03-05 14:05:10
　　Work for living expenses
　　Ge yimin 2014-03-05 14:05:26
　　Evangelism is a cause and a mission
　　The 2014-03-05 14:05:55, Betty
　　Oh, you're so philanthropic
　　Ge yimin. 2014-03-05. 14:06:40
　　I was born a communist, or I was born for communism
　　Before dance, now professional Internet blessing, no time to play, but also to work
　　The 2014-03-05 14:10:26, Betty
　　Well, you've had a lot of experiences
　　Ge yimin 2014-03-05 14:11:15
　　Neural record
　　Goethe, you cannot measure your strength against religion
　　It is a waste of time to look at the bible and see how many believers, sutras, Taoist sutras, etc. You are wasting your time. They are being preached from ancient times to modern times, and some of them are blown. Of course, most of them are good.
　　Is it really not heresy?
　　The Lord of the building according to your meaning is a person does not have the ability to say others is heresy? Everyone is good! All right? No heresies, right? Is it true, then, that god, who pretends Christ, is not heretical? Is it really not heresy? Is it really not heresy? Henan's wang jianxin fake yahweh is not really a heresy? Is it true that the false female Christ of Oriental lightning is not heretical? The Jehovah's witnesses deny the divinity of Jesus Christ. Do you also deny the divinity of Jesus? Do you agree that they are the real Christ? What exactly are your beliefs?
　　Life and dignity: only the saint of crape myrtle can live
　　Washington is a lizard. Only the saint of crape myrtle, the god of ge yi, can let the people get rid of the intellectual's demagoguery and restore the order of the ancient god.
　　Life and dignity: in other words, I plan to recruit prophet ge into the book of Titan
　　The god of kris 
　　Anyway, I'm going to get prophet ge into the book of Titan. What do you think?
　　Later, when talking with the lizard people, they can ask them to worship the prophet ge by the way, and tell them that only those who believe in the prophet ge are true self five, otherwise they are false self five.
　　One day, xiao ge was playing in front of the door when he met a Taoist priest. Child you are not mengjiasheng, zhao home, home before the cow? Is ge saying yes? How do you know? Monk said. Saint of the oh ah, I ran the 18th street finally found you, you is ziwei reincarnation, because forget to bring your artifact when you down, no artifact due to lead to you like an idiot, now I am come to send your this artifact is brag B's sword, and took his you know everything, little GeLiu saliva slowly walked past a sword in his mouth, and sure enough eyes immediately light blossom phase-out tc, for a moment, after returning to normal grimmjow wiped her mouth wash wash nose for monks say; Ok, I see. Thank you. Then the Taoist priest biu disappeared, and when the Taoist priest left, young ge took his braggadocio sword and embarked on the road to the top.. From then on, young ge finally knew that he had the right to brag, but what he did not know was that he also had the political right.
　　58, obediently Shouting: recently, the god of kris gave up ziwei dream!
　　It's time to give up!
　　But on the whole, Goethe was a hundred times better than the rodent dreamers who wanted to be ziwei but thought about their own safety.
　　At least he's brave enough to admit what he thinks! Look at st. 's timid dreamers who think they are so pathetic and pathetic!
　　So timid as a rat dreaming of being king... Ha ha! In the face of so many such people can only use the brain residue to describe them most appropriate!
　　>
　　> didn't give up.
　　I open a school, use "＾wordofgod￣" do teaching material, please ge yimin god be President
　　> first looked at the bible and then did the ＾wordofgod￣. To pervert the truth is really mad.
　　> depends on the time
　　> > 2019
　　> this age innovation teaches to reverse course, folk wisdom is really so bad?
　　60, survival and dignity: Titan book ii plans to launch
　　At the same time, the fog of the exorcism, tentatively named "ziwei saint ge yi people god", I on behalf of nabi officially announced and divine cooperation.
　　I heard that ge taught mainly to make Natalie portman the general secretary of ge hua.
　　Shqul: Goethe is the great saint who saved us
　　Don't believe me, but he will surely save us, and according to the prophecy, he will rise out of the mountains and take over the world this year.
　　His wife is princess zheng hui.
　　62. A guy who is a self-appointed god like kris
　　If it's just a sect coming to play house, it's more of a psychopath category, it can be studied. If it is to guide the masses to conduct anti-social and anti-human behavior, it is a cult, which belongs to the category of criminal law.
　　Personally, I've treated him as a clown so far.
　　＾wordofgod￣ which version is good!
　　The ＾wordofgod￣ is the original book of geyi people's god. Christianity does not have the book of ＾wordofgod￣s, but Christianity has the bible as the word of god. If you don't correct the problem, I will delete it.
　　64. Horizontal batch: final state of five grains
　　The above couplet: one word is god, two words are Christ, three words are god kris, four words are hungry ghost;
　　Couplet: nine parts of the spirit are like an ass, eight parts like a horse, seven parts like a disciple, and six parts like an adulterer.
　　Saint cat of the underworld: similarly is yy infatuation, the galactic federation is inferior to ge yi people god so dares to blow, commit two also has the level high and low cent.
　　But he, god of the people, called himself god
　　Jesus did so many miracles but claimed to be the son of god.
　　Only the heretics dare to call themselves god, how could people be god, the god of kris, there are many people to believe, estimated that those people are with him to dream.
　　Or in defense of the god of kris
　　That mood, are all the same ah. Whether it was for Buddhism or for Christianity or for kris god, the mood was the same. It's all that fun, it's all that fulfilling, it's all that
　　Hymn of the gods: May 2012 be conquered by 5 cents?
　　You have been banned by this bar, banned reasons: wheel, kris god, the world alliance, goodbye. You can apply for recovery.
　　God has given me what I want to be: god kris calls himself god, and no one can save him
　　Not only will his body be punished, but his soul will be punished forever.
　　He will spend the rest of his life in prison, and when he dies he will be tormented by the unquenchable fire of hell.
　　Buddha meow, Buddha: god kris, an evil teacher, falsely claimed to be Jesus Christ
　　It is the usual trick of the cult to elect a representative and honor him as the god Buddha. He then trumpeted how he had become so powerful that he eventually engineered a counter-revolution that wiped out the state.
　　Ge yi-min's ＾wordofgod￣s are fabricated
　　If he is a god, everyone is a god. The god religion of kris is a cult that brings disaster to the country and brings disaster to the people.
　　The diamond of the fire
　　When I am ready, I will unveil the mystery of god and reveal the true face of god.
　　Emperor shenhua: the great god of kris seems to have accomplished nothing in this world
　　Still need to spur, as a great god, must have the will and determination to serve the people.
　　Otherwise, go home and sell sweet potatoes!
　　God gave me what I wanted: god kris, the saint came out, and he was the first to destroy
　　Call yourself god. All the accepted religions, who dare to call themselves god, he would dare, I grass.
　　Jesus claimed to be the son of god, the messenger of god. Mohammed claimed to be a prophet.
　　The spear of the saint dragon: one is the god of kris is the spiritual leader of the whole nation
　　A good shout, he is to want to say a few things, one is the god of ge yi people is the national people's spiritual leader, the second is that he has become the state high commissioner, to post a latent investigation, the third time he has become a careerist, and the authorities trying to cross the river and rule, you said he is not brain.
　　Spear of saint dragon: the god of ge yi people is not crape myrtle, I can bet
　　He may be in the centre, but he will never be the country's leader.
　　If he's a saint, what about the guy in the leadership class in the 2030s? I have seen a side of the sage, of course, in previous lives, so he this time period is still fresh in my mind. Ge yimin god is completely abandoned several streets, you can see in 2030, of course, this boss ge will not die, may have to play for a long time, alas, you will not believe.
　　The spear of the saint dragon: the god of ge yi people was also seen as a lunatic after several decades
　　Holy book 72: the ＾wordofgod￣ that ge madman writes is literally fart, with heresy propagandize of two, last year I a person go to their base camp one-on-one hit of them a group of people, also be a group of rubbish, that have true religion to advocate sexual freedom, play casually, he be not just want oneself play casually, I estimate, believe him female the friend be all played by him. Pure scum.
　　The spear of the saint dragon: actually, the god of ge yi people is also regarded as the mental disease several decades later, the saint also takes out the newspaper to make fun of during the stage, these are the inside story.
　　Well, the saint had a headache about it, he had committed no crime, he had not arrested him, and it was over.
　　78, cross-time significance: god ge yimin, in my heart, he is crape myrtle.
　　Everyone can be crape myrtle, just willing and unwilling. God ge is willing to do crape myrtle, in my heart, he is crape myrtle. If you like, you are crape myrtle.
　　Old reporter: the most confused point of ge jiao: ge hei is ge hua.
　　80, star seed clan: more funny is also a group of people echo gei people god
　　The very funny several people, have ge yi people god, before there is ma weiqing (but recently did not see him), say that he is a saint, also put the previous prophecy out of his body.
　　What is more funny is that there is also a group of people echo the god ge yimin.
　　81, browingwind: fake st too much The wheel is not holy, and god is not holy.
　　They just have names, not really want to be saints
　　A world like >! There is struggle for everything, there is robbery for everything! I just didn't see it!
　　>>> does not want too much to do sages, at least has ge yimin, zheng kui fei, ma wei qing, wang jianxin and so on
　　>> they're just fighting for titles, not really wanting to be saints
　　>>> estimates that few people really want to be saints and be harmonized
　　If > is harmonized, can it really be harmonized?
　　>>> harmony is false, only nobody dares to pretend really, want to suffer divine curses of
　　>> humans are afraid of providence. It seems so.
　　Millennial loneliness 1999: in the saint's tryout, ge yimin can win with one stroke
　　> hopes kris will win the saints' tryout in one fell swoop, because I'm bullish on him
　　>>> a person who is easily exposed to the world... Its weakness is obvious... The result was death on the beach by the backwater...
　　As a pioneer, > is a brave man, whether it succeeds or fails.
　　84, 510224: the theory of ge yimin, I claim to know
　　Just did not see his ability to deal with reality, so bad evaluation. I can only hope that he can handle reality very well.
　　The fairies can't see enough: what is ge yimin? How can I see him anywhere? He is very good?
　　Pure coincidence: ge is Korean
　　This is an unexceptional act of the sin nature of man, and the bible has long said that such a man will appear; Goh is Korean.
　　From the point of view of one of my non-atheists, this statement seems to be crazy. This big Lord ge is a liar. Believe it!
　　Tianshu 72: ge yimin also advocates sexual freedom
　　All the evil religions in the world have one thing in common, which is to advocate sexual freedom, so as to make it convenient for the church master to play with female members. The real religions are all ascetic or strictly controlled, while the crazy man also advocates sexual freedom, and I don't know how many female friends he has played with.
　　88. King Lin xi: we may consider placing an advertisement of ge yimin in the color bar
　　Put a color ring AD in the rabbit bar, a Google flashlight AD in the bird bar, a Google messenger AD in the green bar, and a green messenger AD in the gale-people bar for all the trash to recycle!
　　Gee-min, a rotten thing, says people are too lazy to talk to him! The communist party does not kill, it seems to be dying...
　　90, obediently cry: hear of the kui people have been bad ye reputation?
　　Start a cult? What's it called? Can't master tell the guardian to smash his field?
　　This fight ye's flag to deceive money, small things you listen to ye, from where to roll back where! Watch out for that ＾wordofgod￣ you tore up in anger! Hahahaha...
　　A good cry: ge yi people god water army countless, all so concern a so-called mad dog?
　　Ha ha! We can see the level of kris!
　　Through this post also see the well-known ge yi people god army quality, are all pigs and dogs can also!
　　If so fifty hair is lost face toward medium.
　　A good cry: ge jun posted humiliating, deleted the post and fled!
　　God is a waste! Ha ha! So much power and money can't help this goods!
　　Do you need a boss to work for you in the future? Haha...
　　Ge yimin god waste to point at the head to scold it, it fart dare not put... Ha ha!
　　You are guilty of a great sin. I hear that the saint is very strong.
　　It is said that the power is boundless. He probably made this weather.
　　Li yan zi most on the wheel king, compared with the saint what, ge big divine fierce N much, li yan zi estimated to give him the qualifications of shoe, sakyamuni also most give him shoe, Jesus is the same.
　　X7ko: kris is not a lunatic, he just looks down on what is ingrained in people today, and his purpose is clear...
　　Karashok yun: it turns out that philosophy bar is full of talented people
　　Please explain in detail... All I know is that kris got caught... It turns out that philosophy bar is full of talented people
　　Settle the final battle: are you comrade kris?
　　I go to you this day and day is in the wind wave top, what of the graph, not afraid to check the water meter of.
　　Old news reporter: only mention the three words of god ge, delete without pardon.
　　How do I know what you do? ! This post is going to disappear. ...
　　Hipper: a cult? Ziwei is a Taoist word and the sage is Confucian
　　Is god kris the god of grace the supreme hybrid of Christianity?
　　"God cannot make everyone a god, he is false.
　　100, hyB3523: ＾wordofgod￣ length, vast and continuous, but huge span
　　The writing is tedious, seemingly profound, but actually shallow.
　　101, hyB3523: although the ＾wordofgod￣ has bright spots, it has few wisdom roots
　　May mix custom and light, may not save people in fire and water.
　　Kingkongdd: dizzy, let the god of ge yi people rule the sky to go, here is the earth, I am all diaosi.
　　The spear of the saint dragon: when kris the god comes out of the mountain, it is the end of the world. Let's stop him from going out of the mountain.
　　I am still shinfu: god kris, so your "divine religion" is just such a "＾wordofgod￣"?
　　You are more nervous than that Yang ＾wordofgod￣! :)
　　Shout obediently: the dream of god gei people is broken, he will become a devil!
　　It is not clear who is lying about whether cristiano ronaldo will move to real Madrid
　　Ancelotti's debunked claims came during a media session after milan's 1-0 win over atletico in the summer, saying: "gazzetta dello sport is like any other Italian or Spanish newspaper, after all it is not the jame." At the end of the interview, ancelotti did not forget to mention kaka,...
　　107, "earth doomsday theory" is surprised now baidu post bar Oriental fortune net
　　2006-8-9 16:31 in baidu "god bar", more comments that "the earth will be ended in 2019" just happened to verify the doomsday prediction in the book of yemei. And the reporter also saw in baidu "scientific exploration bar", "artificial intelligence bar", "the royal observatory of Belgium detected the earth axis has begun to turn slightly", "a new idea about the evolution of the celestial body" and so on astrological knowledge of the Internet discussion and ideas,...   >, >, 2 of the same news
　　108, a "rational thinker" about "shout" to this point in a few years ago a new faction "mei taught" is similar to "mei taught claims to" st "mei", the founder of the file "" mei", including "he is my son, listen to him," he said, referring to "mei" sentences, so the Christian heresy is always the same.
　　The founder of the religion of Jesus, who was once said to be a very devout Christian, became himself the spokesman of god by dreaming too much.
　　110 introduces a heresy - CVB 4.0.5 feeling that their "yammi sutra" made up particularly laughable, to read on the Spring Festival gala, zhao benshan do not have to mix.   ...   Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
　　111. It is based on the book of yammi adapted by all European countries on the platter
　　Title: battle of the gods, according to the biblical book of revelation, the balance of the world is collapsing, and the final battle between good and evil will unfold in the valley of the magi. That's where the bible says the final battle between good and evil took place. The forces of evil gathered together a mighty army, ready to set a trap in this decisive battle for the land to fight against the land, against the land and against each other.  　 Stone Alexander is the most powerful man in history, but with his charming smile there is an evil plan in him that will lead to the destruction of the human species. Only his brother David, America's President, has the power to stop the carnage. However, the United States alone can not stop, David needs a group of reliable Allies to fight against evil together!
　　112, I will be called ren 9: god of the people, a saint of legend
　　But I don't think he's as good as the boss of the wheel.
　　Only by faith are they justified, and no one is justified by vision.   Be careful not to fall into the superstition, for there is already a mischievous youth taught by jammeh, who describes visions more powerful than yours. And then he wrote the book of Ben yammi and claimed to be st. yammi
　　Where did you get your data? Can you be sure that your statistics agency can be "fair and just" to all Chinese christians, without some kind of willingness to overreport???????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? I'll remind you again that there seem to be a lot of yayists in henan. In fact, henan is also the province with the most powerful cults in China. Your "yahweh" and especially "house church" statistics, I'm afraid there are a lot of cults. 　 The lightning of the east, the church of Jeremiah, three redemption, call the pie... The garbage is also included in your "master brothers and sisters"?? You know, these guys, they don't even admit they're religious.
　　Yammi, a new protestant
　　Web site (http://www.gegod.com) I find very funny, but the people who run it seem very serious.   A new protestant Jesus = yammi? The chaos of postmodern
　　116. I saw a man who claimed to be a prophet on the Internet these days. Called mei.
　　To be more learned than the average, to be more learned than the average. The only thing that's different from everybody is saying you're a prophet,
　　And it makes sense. Prophet and network writer and network administrator. The title clearly did not come easily. He dreams too.
　　Well, according to Freud, it's nothing special, it's a prophetic myth at best. Right
　　Fantasy. In a sense, I agree with the freudian theory. After all - not every dream is psychic. The prophet. What is a prophet? Is the dreamer a prophet? I can also prophesy that Catholicism ended up in Buddhism. Ha ha. This is pre-divine.
　　117 alfalfa blood: the script of god gei people is very talented
　　Other people write handwritten things that readers like to see, the writing talent is good, let him pass again prophet addiction what bad? But their belief systems are too complex, and should be changed.
　　Kris, how do you make yourself like Mohammed?
　　He is the founder of heresy!
　　You don't want christians to listen to you, you're the Pope of Christianity.
　　Nietzsche is an anti-christian maniac. Don't be like him.
　　If you preach the true Gospel of Christ, there will be people who believe because of your propaganda, your church will grow, and you will be the head of your church.
　　119, a sea of smiles: although god ge yimin repeatedly claimed that "the Christian communist union is not an organization"
　　But the building Lord's various conception must pass the social organization form to be able to complete, so the first declaration of the building Lord is simply to cover up. It can be said that the owner of the building is not a general sense of religious, the motive is not preaching so pure, if the development of further, I am afraid that it is also the law.
　　What kind of organization is jameism?
　　Baidu knows _: yammaijiao claims to be a sect of Christianity, but has replaced the bible with its own yammi scripture, with its own scriptures and organizations. What purpose does it serve?
　　...   In the name of Christ, the church of jermeyne replaced the bible with other scriptures.
　　121 good friend radio station Re: message board of China morning sun (I) 
　　> hello: hope to help us analyze the church of Jesus Christ, because they are so rampant on the Internet now, and our Christian website or church does not have any set of data to analyze them.
　　> > grace:
　　Thank you very much for your suggestion.
　　122.soldier on the march: look at a pasting bar and see if it is correct. In the mind of a person god has this treatment. Think what always flaunt is freedom of speech, shut out at will friend, in basic idea on cannot say past, can be opposed not only by friend, also cannot achieve unity in the service interior, because this really is far from absolute power.
　　Often come of a few people, usually also delete delete advertisement and ge yi people god, true did not discover who persecutes the building Lord.
　　Follow Christ's example: heresy
　　It is a form of heresy that has been spreading in recent years, and it is spreading on the Internet. They wantonly doctored the bible, conflated Hebrew and Greek, and used their understanding to replace god's will. Let the brothers and sisters see with their spiritual eyes that we may not be tempted. This heresy of hermetism, which is the god religion of the kris below, is an absolute heresy. The god of kris is just like the third savior, who says that he is the son of god, the Lord and the angel, and he is also called holy. That's all we can see. Heresy is heresy, we have to figure it out.
　　It has been here for two days. It is a typical evil cult.
　　The contents of yammi BBS are stained eight bad, yammi himself words and deeds is a rogue, his "yammi sutra" laughable...   Jamey - the dream-turned-" prophet "who poisons the spirit under the banner of Christian faith!   Jammeh, the devil's emissary, poisoned how many spirits? !
　　125. Baidu _ god bar _ I think this yemei teaching is more peaceful
　　The thought of the world is not as domineering as protestantism, very peaceful, the respect to the world first saint and not exclusive, although also believe in god, should be vigorously promoted, how to become your religious.
　　I've been watching them for a long time.
　　Listen to many net friends say they from several people's party..
　　The development of organized online religion...
　　The conditions for the development of religion have been met.
　　I have my own spiritual leader.
　　Have your own classics.
　　Have your own religious thoughts.
　　She said she accepted the suggestion of a dream from god.
　　Saying, he is my beloved son: hear him, all ye.
　　He pointed to yammi... There are also many brothers in his BBS to heal him.
　　But he still won't listen.. Please pray for him more often..
　　Actually, quite the opposite, if you study predictions carefully
　　You know how bad the saints are, how much they have to suffer, and those who go out of their way, or who claim to be saints with some kind of utilitarian purpose, without studying the prophecies, pull them out of their own bodies, and really say a word to them, it's all out, like the kris gods.
　　I have always been against fellow barmies psychosexuality being a saint myself
　　In particular, some go astray as GeYiMin god, I have always been those titles processing, only a saint, we are going to study the saint broad tolerance kind and justice of the spirit of compassion, improve themselves, let oneself more strong, more integrity and kindness, starts from me, change the world to change society, this is we meet here's cohesive force.
　　> is actually good for you when you are not nervous
　　BBB 0 > old ge soberly very, he is do not want face blank to impersonate crape myrtle to cheat money to cheat color just.
　　I have been to the website and BBS before
　　It is easy to see that he is a complete liar, pervert!!!
　　How many people still believe it!
　　It is said that many people are forced to believe, and then they are forced to publicize them. Besides, if the thought goes in, there will be no judgment, and now we think X is a real cult, which was not widely believed before.
　　The god of kris is a Christian and supports himself
　　Claiming to be a prophet, a son of god, a man of god, and a teacher, the foundation for the creation of the religion is "vision", in fact, some so-called supernatural dreams that have been made from childhood to adulthood (I don't agree with that), and the scriptures of my own doctrine have been written, so many people have attacked on the Internet. But it's still nice to feel people through contact and be tolerant of other faiths, at least compared to other christians on the Internet who often accuse Buddhism of being evil.
　　131, the Chinese sage bar also for ge hua a single list of options
　　"You have been banned by this bar, ban reason: crazy Posting must be deleted. You can apply for recovery.
　　Just ge hua number is much, go everyday, can not seal.
　　God of the people: it is suggested that the scientific unit be renamed Chinese
　　In order to enhance national self-confidence, it is suggested that scientific units be changed into Chinese names, such as Newton's first law to liu bei's first law, one volt to one cao cao, one joule to one sun quan, one ampere to one zhuge liang and so on.
　　Now there seems to be a heresy outside called the god of the people of ge
　　The main figure of this sect, god ge yi-min, claimed to see the vision and stand on its own, claiming to be a prophet, and his own kris ＾wordofgod￣
　　> this is what we call the "yammaism" bar.
　　134. Somewhat like the revolutionaries of the 1920s
　　I can't look at it but I can't see the image of a saint of the god of kris but it gives people a sense of persistence which is kind of like the image of the revolutionaries of the 1920s haha
　　Work like Michael Jackson
　　135. Free scripture interpretation, correct or not
　　Since the reformation in the 16th century, protestantism has divided into about 200 groups.
　　Because protestantism says that everybody can interpret the bible with the help of the holy spirit.
　　So how do you know that revelation comes from the holy spirit, not from evil spirits?
　　I don't know if you've ever heard of yammi? This man already has quite a following. He claimed to have been inspired by god that the end of the world was near, and he even pointed out the exact time of the end. He referred to those who followed him as "plum blossoms."
　　Do you think his revelation also comes from the holy spirit? I think it's from lucifer.
　　The funny thing is that prophet ge performed communism with three figures
　　I bet this fake madman is dreaming of being a communist wife again. He wants to be second to hong xiuquan.
　　137, Chinese sage: must delete must seal the rule, please friends in the speech attention
　　One, publicize the related content of god of ge yi people stick to must delete must close;
　　Go to his official website, my god! No one has ever dared to say that he is a god, a god of the present world, and he, god kaeus, dares...   What is heresy?   This is heresy! I have always advocated that god loves all people. But a heresy that dares to blaspheme... Lead him, o Lord. Maybe kris god doesn't know what he's doing, maybe he's crazy! Pray for the god of kris, may the Lord lead him to correct his evil ways as soon as possible! May the god of heresy wake up before it is too late
　　139.wikipedians who have been blocked because of improper user names
　　> about songimin
　　As it turned out, goyimin appeared to be a so-called "sect" in the Chinese mainland and claimed to be Christ, drawing criticism from many people on the Internet. If so, Geyimin's user name was clearly inappropriate, suggesting that it should be closed down.
　　The user >>> is banned due to an inappropriate name.
　　140. There are between 40 and 50 million christians, and the number is about the same. 70 million is a bit too much, because when foreign countries do statistics, they often count some cults, such as the Oriental lightning, the yammi religion, the church of cry and so on, in order to increase the number. In fact, these things are not so much yahweh as bai lianjiao yihequan more appropriate.
　　141. Not to mention the views of jews and muslims and the Catholic orthodox church, god toloni, jame, the church of god, Jehovah's witnesses, Christian scientology, mormonism, the church of doom, and the illuminati of the past I don't know what protestantism should be
　　Brother jonah! Today I found in baidu bar what ye mei's people, is not heresy ah! Would he, by so evident a publicity, affect the hearts and minds of his many brothers and sisters, and mistake them for the wrong way? Should we do something! The terrible yammi sutra is simply evil. What shall we do?
　　"This jamey religion is an obvious heresy and a hodgepodge, and it combines the theories of various religions to create a religion of its own.
　　There are beautiful women in the dream: god can't kill kris, he has a mission, the people of heaven can't kill him.
　　Actually, I want to know. Who is the god of kris... Every day someone blackens him...
　　> is not only black but also has a certain number of brainless fans doing publicity for him is the second lee wheel...
　　A little high
　　> how do you like the door also don't know ge yi people god also don't know?
　　> the divine Lord
　　What does a saint look like?
　　Head nurse don't be like this: baidu search ge yimin god
　　8 star sword: the golden mountain of Beijing is shining, and god of ge yimin leads us in fighting
　　For thousands of years, god of kris, the four seas have obeyed my people.
　　Vendetta_Man: the god of goi is a cult! Ask the government to ban according to law!
　　Although the cult of kris has not harmed people, it is indeed a cult, and believers worship kris god very much. If you black ge must be sprayed in all directions, such an insane cult must be a potential threat! Bao didn't allow the god kris to kill people one day...
　　148, after 2019, what should god ge do
　　"Gei people god, true ＾wordofgod￣, true god! It must have come out of the yard. The disciple who is not the Buddha is also the secretary of Jesus. The master is sending someone with a lantern to drink tea.
　　Did you go to the god church of kris which I suggested you to see before?
　　>, >, > didn't look up, only some of the things that were critical of him
　　There's the front page. Baidu a "god of kris", the fifth is kris ＾wordofgod￣ (actually the official name is "＾wordofgod￣", do not deceive you).
　　We are going to hang up: these people are the godsman of god!
　　The kris god who called god has not been dealt with
　　What's the use of these poor people?
　　It's not crazy at all! Look at the Chinese saint and the god of kris!
　　That's the real psycho!
　　Features of people who practiced in previous lives!
　　>> who is kris god?
　　I don't know who it is, but ya thinks ya is god
　　>> also calculate ability as if a lot of people believe the appearance! This is another li wheel! Promising! It seems that playing religion has a bright future
　　> and there's a lot of people in it
　　Is god kris the cult leader?
　　>>> kill crows 3000 with long sword: the god of ge yi people establish divine religion, the name purple wei saint reincarnation, from become a vein.
　　153. Let's talk about how the god of diaosi goi became "god" step by step
　　Ryanrichard: the growing up experience of kris, people who have been Posting on the bar for 5 years, and people who often post on the bar will know...
　　Ge yimin god made his fortune on the Internet, to be exact, each big BBS and post bar. The key thing is that there are so many waistcoats...
　　154 endless sky blue: if the ＾wordofgod￣ had been written before Christ, it would have been very popular to open the school of thought
　　Now god is going to be the living Jesus
　　"Mr. Water: modern Christianity has no agent of god, only the biblical prophet, Jesus. Anyone who claims to be the son of god, the agent of god, and says that the world should listen to him and make himself a new idol must be a liar, a big liar with a fixed purpose. All cults are created this way, and there must be many illegal misdeeds to be found.
　　His remarks, which are very similar to those of hung xiuquan in the late qing dynasty, will eventually become an anti-social cult causing social unrest.
　　These people must not be taken lightly. They must see the seriousness of the problem and deal a firm blow before it becomes a force.
　　By faith in Christ Jesus you are all sons of god.   Galatians 3:26
　　"This son is not that one. God kris, who claims to be the son of god, is specifically designated, as is Jesus, who was born through Mary. It was god who ordered him to preach and save the world. Jesus is the Christian Lord. People should believe in him as they believe in god.
　　Hong xiuquan also claimed to be the son of god, god sent him to save the world, so you should absolutely obey his words. But Yang xiuqing, the eastern king, knew the secret, so he claimed to be a god who could teach hung xiuquan, the son, and he dared not expose him.
　　Now, god wants to be the living Jesus, of course, and hong xiuquan is the same doctrine. Hong xiuquan also said that he was concerned for the people and opposed the corrupt qing government to achieve equality and equality for all people. But as soon as he gained territory, he became emperor, and was more corrupt and ferocious than the manchus.
　　The so-called Shinto party also copied some of the old slogans of the communist party of China, with the banner of anti-bureaucratic anti-corruption to deceive the world. But times have changed, and only those with very low cultural standards will be fooled.
　　Kitty should block this post lest anyone be poisoned.
　　"Ge hua's response:
　　Example: prophet, Jesus.
　　Counterexample: hong xiuquan.
　　Why the next person can only be hong xiuquan, can not be a prophet, Jesus?
　　Bible prophet, why is Jesus not a liar?
　　In the age of the Internet, who would be less educated than Mr. Chishui???
　　Trust the judgment of others.
　　Zhangmohan1987: god god of god called god!
　　He wants everyone to go to the kris gods bar to see (a funny place) and pop it. He is very quiet.
　　157, zhangmohan1987: god ge yimin said that the recent hot cult dongshan god is false
　　He predicted the end of the world in 2019
　　He said a goddess had confessed her love to him
　　I shan't offend his old man to go to hell
　　Is kris the delusional schizophrenic?
　　St cat of the sopranos: a deformed mind repressed by right. The desire to one day become a powerful person, then fantasize oneself become that oneself is not the person.
　　
　　Goldwater _7: god kris, one way or another, this man can see his name in any bar. This is enough.
　　160, 531601: of the 14 established cults announced by the Chinese government this time, more than 10 are related to Christianity, at least the old testament, bible, god, Jesus, etc
　　It means that kris has not been shot.
　　"Ge hua: ge yimin does not organize.
　　RedSight: these are the outer ways, but Jesus did not carry the banner of Buddhism.
　　They will believe that god is god
　　Three inches, three cents and three cents: people who have been brainwashed by theism don't think so. That's the power of education, in the eyes of the addict, to make anything impossible possible, even if it goes to extremes, bigotry. They may call themselves rational and believe in self-comfort and deception. This is a weakness all humans share.
　　Soon many people will worship the god of kris
　　Sun and moon are born in lotus: you still really don't believe, if have government support, be like at the beginning Roman empire support Christianity same, very soon a lot of people will be geyi people god worship, ke ke.
　　If Jesus himself had told you that I was god's guess you would have just walked over to keke, religion is a terrible brainwash.
　　164th, the south wind back: there is a ge yi people god heretics often come, ge yi people god fake Jesus Christ, say that he is god son ge yi people god Christ, is not heresy is what?
　　165. It is not like treating the god of kris
　　Ming moon 19703: of course I have been polite enough, not like the god of ge. I don't know if blocking new ideas is reactionary, let history judge. Including Copernicus, which has the genuine knowledge of this insult? I believe that there is always a bright day.
　　166, chutian see boundless: ge yi people god is not a small cult it?
　　I found this place by chance these two days, but it's a cult. I wish you a speedy investigation!
　　>>> ge flower: let you disappointed, the god does not make the organization.
　　Marigold: it is a good thing that god fought for the name of a saint.
　　There is the name of a saint, affecting all people, to try the practice!
　　Not this life!
　　The next life, the next life, the next life! One day will be truly enlightened and finally become a true saint!
　　168, become a god of the kui advertising paste and ghost paste.
　　Red missile: south wind back the main post of "I see post bar chaos, a variety of people mixed very worried" a post, intentionally or unintentionally become the god of kaoyimin advertising paste and ghost paste. The god of ge yi people is the so-called heresy that the south wind Lord is listed in the first place. Some people who promote this "heresy" see the name as if it's a blood fight.
　　They even do not have the qualifications of heresy, just desperately stir red themselves, not hesitate to call themselves heresy, a moment of praise themselves, a moment of scold themselves, the purpose is to cause everyone's argument. To hype oneself seven or eight year up to now all did not fry red person, hope oneself cause dispute the mood of a bit reputation can understand, just we cooperate with them to sing together only can pull low our intelligence quotient, only increase laugh ear.
　　Our bar owners can be listed as heretical ahead of them, estimated that their mood will be very good. It's a great idea to pay so much attention to their propaganda. So recently their AD posts have been repeated and all the others have been deleted. This post of the bar owner has been pushed up from time to time to arouse people's discussion of their feelings.
　　Personal strong suggestion to delete this post, do not know the south wind advocate and other advocate how to look?
　　169, tang Ming: the god of kris is still active up to now. He really cannot judge a book by its cover. His story tells us that nonsense is also a kind of belief.
　　Report the continuous harassment of ge yimin god and his congregants.
　　Ostrich gentleman is a good bird: please baidu let this crape myrtle god to receive divine wisdom, have a debt have a Lord, should seek who seek who go, do not continue to harass innocent [criss-cross bar].
　　Mi, xiu: god of ge yimin, and fang liu yiping. All three of them are great gods.
　　The key is who dares to be this saint
　　Who has this courage, if next year to Beijing I guess it is god ge yimin bar.
　　Buddha said that everyone could become a saint. He may be true, but you misunderstood him with prejudice.
　　173, obediently Shouting: a government can not stand up the archway! God kris.
　　"Ge hua: the time for kris gods is not yet, 2019.
　　174, Space_Force: god wrote his own book to praise himself, and then took his own book to prove that he was god.
　　God gave me what I wanted to be: kris, god of flesh and blood, who dares to call him god, neurosis...
　　I tell you, even the saint crape myrtle doesn't dare call herself a god.
　　T: god, god, the first two
　　The first man cannot call god in the world, and the second cannot call himself holy. Those who violate both are cults.
　　177 yuypdl: is ziwei still qualified as a clearing competitor
　　God ge yimin dare not to contend for a more realistic official position but to fight for ziwei, obviously thought that even failure would not have any danger, this is the trust of ziwei's character, ziwei think is not going to let him down this trust.
　　Windy desert rumors: kris the god, cult madman, also deserve to talk about freedom, locked up calculate light, "＾wordofgod￣ communism."
　　Arctic emperor 007: Goethe, the so-called god invented by some people.
　　Raobox273859: if god is a god, please show your power
　　Cure any cancer or other incurable disease, such as "press the patient, the patient is covered", such, whole earth person can believe you of, where want what, god, Christ, Islam, horse lie, Buddha, way, ah.
　　181 jiuling1: the god of ge yimin, it is said that he has self-confessed tao, wrote a < < ＾wordofgod￣ > >.
　　Be a good man hao man: god goi, Christ is not so stupid
　　Even reincarnation does not call itself Christ, for there are too many "wise men" in the world who have no effect except to be scolded.
　　183.liyilienbai: oh, that's funny
　　Why was he so sure it wasn't a ghost that appeared to him, and before that the god of kris (evil) also said that he saw dreams and visions, that people should believe him, do you think it's credible?
　　184, would surely be better 05: the god of kris is misled by satan
　　Those visions all come from satan. Tell him to turn back. After receiving the vision, kris claimed to be a god. Visions from god do not have such consequences, since they come either from god or from satan.
　　185 lazy talent c: just know the god ge yimin 69, married master ge too risky.
　　A wealthy woman can marry a god of kris. Master ge needs to find a rich man.
　　186, silver fingers to the moon: gee-people god although the road is low, but people can still write ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　Don't pretend to be superior when you think you can recite the sutras.
　　If you have the ability to write a book by yourself and pass it on to future generations, this is the ability.
　　Although the god of ge yi people's way is low, but other people still can write ＾wordofgod￣.
　　At least he did. Those who want to open schools are ambitious.
　　187, avij004: the god of ge is also some "god of the jade emperor" to support the son of a god, hey hey ~
　　You must make yourself known to more people.
　　The value of 9 ground is SB: there the popularity is flourishing, can more general your thought, I feel your theory is very good, hope have more many people contact, ge yi people god, you have to let more many people know you, cannot so hide in common people, unknown, lead a mortal life.
　　But you mustn't be ignorant of Chinese gods... God kris.
　　Psychedelic: in the entertainment industry you can not know huang xiaoming, you can not know fan bingbing liu yifei, but you can not know Chinese gods... God kris.
　　Christianity and communism came together, with modern economics.
　　God's book 72: the madness of ge is to combine Christianity and communism, plus a modern economics, into a book called (＾wordofgod￣), can add a disease, most of all is also his proud work, he advocates sexual liberation, his female members...... . -
　　191, unrequited love mansion: do not know the god of ge yimin long hair
　　Just always heard there was such a person! A god - like thing, but we never dump him!
　　Buddhist monk: poor dao is a buddhist, but also very religious.
　　What the god of kris says is in line with the fifty shades of the holy scriptures, that is, the devil, as you say in Christianity, seduced him.
　　"Ge hua: we believe that the devil is god's tool for god's use, that is, god's will, to test the human spirit.
　　Mahengrui1: new religion, god of kris, this is Buddhism Posting bar, please return.
　　Your so-called god of men, the god of kris
　　Qty123456qtyqq: all I have to subdue is the gods of cattle and snakes, immortals and the scum of human civilization who dares to make up for it -- your so-called god of men -- kris! Give him the message. Let him bring his real ability, I will be able to easily beat him at any time!
　　I don't know who hired you, kris the god.
　　Stranger bitterness bitterness: don't you know what to call freedom for the gentleman not to do? I don't know who hired you. When the time is right, someone will take it out on me
　　I am the emperor's master, when the opportunity comes, when the time comes, when the emperor follows the master, when the time is ripe, when the one who goes against the sky and avoids death and death, is the destiny of the future. As long as you can't get away from this ball, and you can't get away from this ball, think it over!
　　195. Bitterness of strangeness: god ge yimin, it is not good to be involved in the whirlpool of the imperial court
　　I advise you to retire as soon as possible, and there is always a reason for that.
　　Listen to my advice, in the future will avoid some things, can still live a good reputation, the prodigal return to gold!
　　The future is unpredictable. The future is certain. You call yourself a saint. Claim to be god! You should know a lot about the culture of the saint. Check it out! Your problem saint culture has its own record!
　　196. An ordinary creature: be optimistic about god willing to be a churchman
　　Publicity ge's thought lets the world know more willing to go through fire and water for the godmaster.
　　Younger sister control: who is kris? Why do I always see him?
　　Fall in love with a star: the guy who claims to be a god, promotes himself through the Internet.
　　198, a hand of bread and a hand of calligraphy: suddenly found kris god call you holy daughter.
　　Small lily in the greenhouse: before many people call me so, but the god of ge yi people let me fear, he now everywhere hair "advertisement".
　　199, god ge is a contemporary social science figure
　　Baidu ge yimin god post bar - catalogue: contemporary social science figures.
　　Dashansong: the god of kris has come to this, too
　　He is known in the saint's bar.
　　201, lovely humbleness: the ge guy is in China make association! Aren't you afraid of going to jail again?
　　Ge hua: ge yi people god has not been in prison, ge hua hype fake news.
　　202, 100 years of confusion: god ge yimin do not toss about, no one self-appointed saint
　　Want to be famous? Beware of entering the cult blacklist! In the detention house sleep the floor, the urine bucket is in front of the head, seven eight people less than 10 square meters ah!
　　"Ge hua: ge yimin god does not organize, is not a cult.
　　203. Ultra-ancient laboring people: unexpectedly, I am compared with the flow of wheels
　　You are such a waste of money if you don't give ge hua fertilizer!
　　Zhang 800: clam clam, god ge writes ＾wordofgod￣
　　And then you go online, and you get mad every day, and you laugh yourself to death, clam clam.
　　The spear of the saint dragon: I think those who read mare are much better than this madman kris.
　　206, continental army corps: just saw the god of ge yi stick still good!
　　The current situation of kris is full of blue, I am blue is almost gone.
　　The sky was always blue and the days were always too slow. You always say that graduation is a long way off and that you'll be leaving in a few minutes.
　　207, continental army: I slightly corrected the fault of god ge yimin, not omnipotent, only functional.
　　Kris has spiritual leadership, and so does politics, but he doesn't know as much about science as I do.
　　208. Continental legion: respect freedom of thought! If god is really the son of god,
　　Then I will be saved, he should be just a supplementary hero, now I am getting out of blue, and I remember to add blue, speed, god's son senseless death.
　　209, zixi shengkai: what anatomical knowledge do I think is popular science in the book ＾wordofgod￣ of god ge yimin
　　Turns out... Why don't you call it the bible? Misleading...
　　Have a look at the Chinese version... Turns out to be an alternative branch of the bible...
　　"Ge hua: the word of god.
　　The flying dragon is in the sky. The god of kris does not know how many wicked people there are
　　Still believe this, now all so advanced,
　　Can go to heaven ground, still use the thing of a few thousand years ago, alter cheat.
　　> pueraria: you don't read ＾wordofgod￣s. Like communist content, like immortality, like god.
　　211 the flying dragon in the sky?
　　I don't agree. It's just a big mixed picture and science fiction movie. It's called an essay writer.
　　The flying dragons are in the sky.
　　Communism, Marx and Engels invention also find spot experiment, finally fails, Jesus Christian to create now, are far from the goal, also calculate failure, you put together two failure examples, useful, do you understand the human is, understand the meaning of the creator to create human?, go against you.
　　> ge hua: today of socialization big production, today of Internet science and technology revolution, 2019 can realize communism, update the human heart of the whole world can, and this task historically handed to the god religion.
　　Our ultimate goal is eternal life, which is the only meaning of life.
　　Broken blade kratt: I: court, trial! Kris! You know your sin! ?
　　Kris: the bible is just bullshit! You might as well call a spade a spade!
　　I: do you know that the bible is at least justified in its proclamations, that the demagoguery is the same as the race condition, and that you are opposed to the tao of heaven, and that your attempt to perpetuate the evil of the world is only an acceleration of the decline of civilization!
　　God: civilization is declining, I am taking advantage of chaos for profit!
　　Me: pull it down!
　　214, through the line of fire strike strange: just go to god gei people look at the bar
　　Ge hua has been chasing after the god in the mist and the lily in the greenhouse. Both of them are heresy...
　　The winter of light snow dancing: personally, I think of liu yifei and the god ge yimin.
　　The two are well-matched and fit for marriage. What do you think?
　　216, an ordinary creature: god ge is a Chinese saint
　　Ge's theory of thought I like to bring happiness to the world for the benefit of the people.
　　Spear of the dragon: we should form an alliance against the kris gods
　　If he talks any more we'll go to the authorities and tell him he's an illegal pyramid scheme.
　　218, obediently Shouting: why two uphold god gei people?
　　The post was deleted by seconds! ...
　　Agonizing year 3: Goethe, your trash book is a government joint venture.
　　Still want to put on a good show in front of the audience?
　　Late-night symphony: I spent half an hour identifying the ＾wordofgod￣s of kris
　　99% of crap, visible brain-dead moron a simple refining to express ideas I have, 1, communist, 2, hybridization, 3, the theory of evolution is wrong is right, god will take the things that trash also want to cheat people, with blasphemous to the charges and sentenced him to life imprisonment, not just China's legal consciousness and corruption.
　　The communist party released the pig, perhaps because, although kuzhu arrogant, but the impact is not big, kuzhu initially motivation is famous, famous after the effect song jiang to the communist party, has been a communist party lackey.
　　Second, the communist party may fail to see if anyone is behind the gosling affair and if a big figure is behind it.
　　221, ye lingzi fairy: there is a god named ge yimin who claims that Christ founded the divine religion and wants to realize communism in 2019.
　　I'm going to start over: Goethe, you need three conditions to establish such a new religion
　　First you have to say something that has never been said before; Second, you have to do something that no one has ever done. Finally you will proclaim that one day you will die, and you will rise again the third day...
　　223, Space_Force: kris writes and celebrates himself
　　Then he took his book to prove that he was god.
　　Rayen101: li hongzhi did the same. He also stole the law.
　　Hong xiuquan had done so before in the taiping heavenly kingdom
　　Looks like history has done a lot of this...
　　Left behind are jokes...
　　Ha ha ha... I smiled again
　　224, 531601: like the wheel and the nearest god
　　What was used to make people believe him? What miracles did grand master li and god ge yimin show?
　　The sky clouds: god ge yi people this person have a little ability pity luck way and merit nearly, otherwise still can deceive many people!
　　Qwer841: before and after the ge big J8 can lift the swindlers made several female of light know that there are 3 B to be uncovered after being exposed said have big thick face can be fall in love on the Internet but this is not the most wonderful work of the most wonderful work should have 4 girls in the case of knowing ge J8 have wife also dedicated to the hierarch gee I can only say that the intelligence was cheated is deserved it, to live is to waste food.
　　The representatives of the hundred schools of contemporary thought
　　Ge yiminshen, xuan changwei, dong xiaolin, han xianyong, ma yunxiang, lu yongjun, tang cailong, li Ming, ren hui zhong, zhang shaohua, li pingyi and yu mingsan
　　Philosophy 120, Yang siji, zhao jiajun, xing changjiang, lei yuan xing, shi yixiang, Yang huaihui, geng qingguo, wang tianqi,
　　Jiang chunxuan, sun jialin, wang year-round, zhu min, zhou juchuan, sun lianhua, yu yu, zhang shaohua, huang kui, zhang qingzhi, qin yantao, qiu shi quan, tong xuan, CAI hua, etc.
　　Zhou yu's train: Christianity is the only theology
　　There is only one son of god who is incarnate, and this is the most basic doctrine.
　　The kris god's declaration that he was also the son of god was an abrupt repudiation of the basic tenets of Christianity
　　But he has to use the bible to say things, very interesting, very like hong xiuquan.
　　Zhou yu's train: the god geyi people wants to create a religion to be a leader and is an ideal young man.
　　But hope not to distort the bible text, let alone to take the name of Christianity.
　　I read what he wrote, copied the bible, copied the story of Jesus, nothing new.
　　More like a party's platform document. Very funny.
　　This kind of so-called "religion" is countless in history, and there are many kinds of "Christ".
　　Of course, god threw them all into the dustbin of history.
　　The reason is simple: there is only one true Christ, and only the true Christ can transcend history and time and be with us forever.
　　Zhou yu's train: the god of Christianity is Jesus.
　　The god of kris may be kris god, but do not use the name of Christ Jesus to confuse kris god and Christianity. Confuse "kris ＾wordofgod￣" with the bible.
　　That's what Christianity has been doing for two thousand years, and that's what perpetuates biblical thought.
　　Zo-han 2: don't call god a cult
　　To put forward one's own doctrinal belief is the result of thought itself. Say ge, H and so on is a cult, the gods of those three religions who saw it with their own eyes? Putting forward reasonable assumptions, and the laws of human civilization, as axioms, as belief in truth, that's religion.
　　False horse false horse: god helps the people to become god of the world
　　He also compiled his own books and promoted "theories" that even orthodox christians could not bear or accept, such as eschatology. It was difficult to confuse people and create confusion in their minds.
　　The little lily in the greenhouse: Mr. Ge and I debated for a while, and then we felt meaningless.
　　Sometimes it feels like kris is just hyping himself, but it's not like that. It's serious, like the "2019 eschatology".
　　Sometimes I feel tempted to take advantage of the devil. But it's not that big. Always having fun.
　　Who knows, confused High narcissism.
　　Call yourself a prophet, Christ.
　　Listen to him, to the god of kris...
　　Tear down the angel: is this a cult... Baidu you are careful to check the water meter
　　You can see such a JB post from time to time in the post bar recently
　　Search found that there are hundreds of such posts in various posts appear
　　This group of people is a common concern of one - god ge yimin bar
　　I think it's... anyway Sweep huang to fight against non - action, this also is not right?
　　So many people... Or, so many have organized to go to large areas to brush posts, baidu you do not have a good response mechanism now
　　"Hello, if you violate the agreement, please click on the" report "in the post to make a complaint. thank you
　　Push down that angel: I if have free time to go to report can't send such a post, I just want to ask, encounter this kind of N many different number is in a lot of post bar hair similar is the situation that has an organization apparently no brain to stick? Do I have to report it across dozens of posts? In addition, god gei this seems like a cult posted on it. Baidu is not afraid to check the water meter
　　> installed 13 special number: the government did not decide the god of kris, because kris does not organize, just online fans. This post is because the god machine camp black money, ge yi people god fans can not see, fair and yi.
　　Also, do you want to pay back the money you owe? Who are the victims?
　　234, some enemy senior cadres: later see rabbit miscellaneous drove them into the god geyi people it is not impossible
　　Found that dead horse cult digestion is not generally strong!
　　See, my speech at this bar is going to be part of their ＾wordofgod￣
　　Personally, I think kaei does have a little kung fu, but don't think too highly of him.
　　20XX. The legend of ziwei/wu Ming
　　The sixth gua of zhouyi
　　When heaven and water go against the wind, there is no bravado in arguing with people.
　　A gentleman is always in the position of discretion.
　　"Elder sister, this ge hua is who?"   "Asked the little stone in a raised tone.
　　"I don't know.
　　"A netizen posted here," god geyi people god second killed pseudo-holy, heaven and earth's jokes are all you clowns are almost done. Ha ha, sister, isn't that funny?" Shi jie did not respond for a long time, small stone looked back, she fell asleep again, "what a big lazy!"
　　The downtown area of zhenjiang, jiangsu province, is full of people.
　　"Feed, crazy boss, today sent more than 500 posts, occupied the 'Chinese sage bar', 'the secret bar of pushing back' and other major posts, all publicity" ＾wordofgod￣ "; It's almost a month and it's time to settle the bill, "croaked lily in ge hua's greenhouse." the brothers are running out of food."
　　A swarthy middle-aged man answered the phone and said, "don't worry. Wait a few more days and send money to you."   Then he hung up.
　　Crazy boss is the god ge yimin, known as the Internet religious thinker activist, Christian writer, male, born in 1969 in zhenjiang, jiangsu province, China, graduated from the department of Chinese language and literature of nanjing university, fake "ge yimin ＾wordofgod￣", hence the netizens called ge crazy, ge ＾wordofgod￣. The crazy ge spends money to hire the water army to make a big fuss, its fan ma3 jia is numerous, the net friend calls ge hua.
　　Hear du du of the phone hang up, the small lily in the greenhouse ruthlessly say: "damn." There was no place to vent her resentment. Looking at the picture of kris on the screen with his head bent, she seemed to see a dark gorilla. The more she looked at it, the more she hated it. The post said: from other BBS just killed the god general ge yi people, completely regardless of the physical exhaustion, came back to baidu post bar, and continue to talk about his great ge gong thought with the netizens here. Later that day, we said, "general ge, go back and rest. You just got back from some other BBS narcissism." General ge shook his head. "no matter. You know there are a lot of people on the Internet now who regard my ge theory as their enemy and keep causing me trouble. You are the future of communism. You must insist on an extramarital affair. We are all excited, with tears in our eyes, what a good god kris. General ge looked up at the sky and said, "if only those who believe my story were as many as the stars in the sky." But there are some people who are always looking for my stubble, to mess with my thoughts, to mess with my posts. They don't want my ＾wordofgod￣s. And with that, general ge bent down, took one of his smelly shoes off his feet, and then watched the sky throw it away and said, "damn the heathen."
　　In remote Beijing, xiao shi saw xiao li's "vent paste" in the greenhouse and couldn't help laughing. Thousands of netizens saw it and giggled.
　　Crazy boss also saw, he called the little lily in the greenhouse.
　　The little lily in the greenhouse was walking in the street, when she saw the electricity, her heart could not help "whacking" quickly. She connected the phone with anxiety: "hello, boss ge." At this point, she was careful not to use the term "crazy boss".
　　"I saw the posts on the Internet, ah, this publicity is too good, and expand the popularity," god can not help but feel surprised, "so do, the darker the uglier the better."
　　The lily in the greenhouse froze for a long time. The mad boss's reaction was so unexpected that she frowned and said, "well, what about the labor fee?"
　　"That is easy to do, say again, say again." Then he hung up.
　　"That's crazy." "Said the lily in the greenhouse bitterly.
　　237. Tear down the angel: you have searched for ＾乞呀酎呟療村￣ by WeChat, and there is the divine public WeChat
　　The translation is full of underdogs. Another old devil, tell you a secret, you dozen ge yi people god three words in the post, in a day affirmation will appear this cult member to reply you. By the way, the god godhead, who has been sentenced to seven years for heresy, has been arrested for 12 years, and now appears to have his sentence commuted. He also announced that shu qi was a holy woman.
　　238. 75790133A: a celebrity trope.   For example, the god of kris, the original product of the holy bar
　　At least, there are dozens of fans. Although the XN religion originated in China has a bad reputation and influence, there are not less than 10,000 faithful believers.
　　The prince: tell me about the god of kris
　　This paragraph of time often to Posting, he has a lot of small size, initial mk7 name may be a system, he is Christ the Lord, the first is the Sabbath of the believers, then accepted the brahmanism, I exhort him many times, he has to renounce, has created another heresy, create classic "＾wordofgod￣", often in the Christian post bar, although not small, but, for the post bar, is a black sheep, hope we see is blocked.
　　240, the name of the moonlight Yang: now the bar, are some amateur bar, to delete the god ge yimin
　　The waterhouse is chattering. Not a professional netizen.
　　What is a career?
　　First of all, he has to be a professional netizen with a lot of spare time. He is addicted to post bar and takes the power of virtual world very seriously.
　　To save points to upgrade, use vest, mobilize atmosphere, balance relations, maintain personal image... Have a strong interest.
　　He needs to show his value, and he is happy to be in power or out of power as an opposition
　　Perfume summer: what bright ocean leader says is most pertinent!
　　I feel in the thought bar in addition to delete ge yi people god did not have any good management, baidu has few "stocking style" popular post bar.
　　Break through the 9: evil cult forces are also playing the delaying tactics.
　　It's the same trick that was played in 2012.
　　In 2012, the cult prevented the people from taking up arms. Ge zhuh is the original arrangement.
　　The cult helped the government and killed former master J.
　　Quickly start the military revolution, for the urgent matter.
　　I didn't expect too much from kris. Black dragonfly, a peacock will help him. Ge had no hand in the matter of nanjing.
　　242, brick home very calm of say: recently McDonald's caught a few heresy
　　If the influence of kris is very big, it is estimated that these few people on the Internet can't run away, perhaps their IP has been locked by the network police, waiting for news that kris the god cult was captured by the police detailed content.
　　243. The big wood history in the night is three eggs: ye lingzi fairy has been stagnant for a few days, the people of god gei people posted
　　He dare not positive deal with GeYiMin god, he was old, find a hatchet man, he sat watching the background, he is rushing for small, no speak, let small cannon fodder to play GeYiMin people of god, and he is watching the throw away all responsibilities, ge madman if retaliation is small revenge, he ran after, everyone says he is unknown, it is your big responsibility, key when looking for horse, is a man, even the little people. Ge the madman is a cult, he knows he can't, so temporary catch a few small when horse when fodder, in order to cover their ugly faces, progresses from time to time throwing two posts, put yourself into a hypocrite, responsibility is that a few of new small at this moment, the previous service has said a word you, early to see through him, leaf form is playing with a few new small.
　　Monseigneur: none of crape myrtle's, or kris's, is normal.
　　I wonder why nobody looked him up. All who call themselves holy are evil.
　　245, little red hair card: gentiles are Christian terms, and in this case they don't mean nationality
　　It's about people who don't trust god, who don't get his salvation. The kris ＾wordofgod￣ is mostly biblical, but has little to do with Christianity. I was bored to look, just two words, nonsense. The starting-point YY fiction writer is better than he by any stretch of the imagination.
　　246, all over the tianya road paradise: even a bystander to see the speech of god ge is the performance of a cult, not to mention the current government?
　　Ye lingzi xian: you say bystander all, too absolute, how can baidu let him be in stick bar existence? He has a five-thousand-person tieba, and for years, you didn't see any fish except the scales.
　　247. When the gale came, it sounded like a judgment to the ant - cutter.
　　248, all over the tianya road paradise: you said the five thousand tieba (god geyi people bar)
　　Are there any of the five thousand people who disagree with the statement of god? If not, then the five thousand people you mentioned are believers of kris god and have been brainwashed.
　　Ge yimin god self-proclaimed crape myrtle saint living in zhenjiang, jiangsu province. "Pushback diagram" did not understand, came out to deceive. In the north of the door to the east, if muzi ice exchange. These two conditions do not meet, impersonate what kind of crape myrtle saint? Put on a show. Everyone shouted and beat!!!
　　249. Day bow no. 11: ge yimin = jiang zemin
　　Ge yimin is one of the 38 cultural and art celebrities in zhenjiang
　　http://fenlei.baike.com/%E9%95%87%E6%B1%9F%E5%90%8D%E4%BA%BA/
　　Cultural and artistic celebrities
　　     Ge yimin river shan 
　　Celebrity resume: ge yimin
　　Internet religious thinker activist, Christian writer, male, born in 1969 in zhenjiang, jiangsu province, China, graduated from the department of Chinese language and literature of nanjing university. Author of the modern prophetic book "the ＾wordofgod￣s of kris," rated as a biblical amendment. His ideas came from two sources: Christianity and communism.
　　The kris ＾wordofgod￣ is a reflection of reality and the future, part of which is divine inspiration. The kris god has two yemeijing (kris ＾wordofgod￣) news published on the Internet news portal.
　　http://www.gerenjianli.com/Mingren/01/7trk5blls3m1a93.html
　　252, azaz7391: what is a real man
　　Trickery is actually a variant of the god of ge yi-min, a kind of weakened god of ge yi-min, and trickery is actually a variant of animal, is a kind of intensified version of god believers, trickery blowing the belief of the law of the jungle, in fact, and beast to the god of ge yi-min no difference.
　　It is a kind of alternative Internet cult that propagates trivialities and rough and benighted social concepts like pranks.
　　253, hyB3523: the dreams of people like Goethe to be saints have been shattered
　　Wish liu yifei SSH a happy life,
　　I represent all friends!
　　Therefore, it can be clear that the dreams of god and others who want to be saints have been shattered.
　　Liu yifei does not do saint female, can have a good home, ge yi people god and so can die heart.
　　System MK7: god kris is one of god's sons, and great achievements will be made in the future
　　There are serious conscious issues at the moment, modelled on Christ and not yourself.
　　"God of kris: before, now is not, I found a god, also independent from Christianity, just recognize Christianity, see 140,000 words ＾wordofgod￣, communist content is more than Christianity.
　　Our god is the god of god (kris), not the god of Christianity (Jesus), and, of course, it is possible that both are one god.
　　Looking for saints
　　Gender, please send your name
　　Zheng haodong 001: still use to look for? The god of kris is.
　　I love zhao tianyi: @people sing god ge yimin together.
　　Shenhua emperor: as for the saint, even the god of kris knows that this is just a name in private.Why are the other talented people crazy about it?
　　257. The confused copper sulfate: I suggest, in the future, as long as you see the posts of god gei will delete.Such people are the poor boring people in the social subculture like the "flying god ramen".
　　Zcreat: the god of kris was born 2000 years ago, maybe he could be a god.
　　Aileen chang look: please all big bar must be ge yimin in the subject of the post deleted.It has to be so that the disciples of kris may use their right hand and left to promote kris.
As if they were advertising, this man is not a Christian.
　　WUH2006: god of kris ＾wordofgod￣, this bullshit thing, someone will believe?I'm pessimistic. Some people do.
　　Deng xiaoxian, fan donkey: people should have ideals and ideas. Ge yimin did nothing wrong.
　　From this point of view, he is worthy of respect. After further development,
　　He also deserves sympathy. I think he is a brave man to face so many questions. A lot of people dare not think to do, he did, from here
　　Look, he deserves respect.
　　Kris: I just want the truth, the last form of society, or god.
　　System MK7: this morning god ge yimin gathered two small eastern European countries, estimated to be ten thousand years later.
　　263. Confused copper sulfate: this kris is clearly a bored person who is like the "brother chun religion" and the "flying ramen god religion".
　　Red missile: agree, ge is pure eat to prop up hype to play, return not equal to brother chun teach.
　　Cold and pure water cool: you are the smartest one in this post.
　　That's right. If theory alone is enough, it's enough to find kris. 
　　God does not need to be reincarnated.
　　Eastern girl 28: and recommend some useful books. Do me a favor.
　　Good Samaritan 1996: should belong to ge sheng's "＾wordofgod￣"! Read the promise of immortality.
　　Tianya road paradise: ha ha ha! Even ge is eating, he can teach others to live forever? ＾wordofgod￣? neurosis
　　266, do you know: 1000, one night chat room 0003
　　Please the members of the bar arrive at the chat magic edge, gods edge, fairy edge, six evil edge, G edge, human edge, animal edge, spiritual edge, rainbow blue love, rainbow spirit love, rainbow cat blue rabbit, female friend nurturance, leaning alone language, mohist, Confucian, ge yimin, buddhist, soldier jian, jiuzhou, yanzhou, hangzhou, suzhou
　　267. The Hong Kong government replied that the ＾wordofgod￣ book was perfect and there was no problem with filing
　　GeYiMin 17:15:43
　　Q: did my five books reach the Hong Kong government?
　　Four seasons press 17:15:59
　　Yes, it's arrived safely
　　Ha ha
　　You just wait for good news, the government replies, the books are perfect, the filing is ok, let's wait
　　GeYiMin 17:16:26
　　Let me know when you get back. Thanks
　　The four seasons press 17:16:33
　　20-30 days to complete
　　good
　　GeYiMin 17:16:41
　　Thank you 88
　　The four seasons press 17:16:42
　　Let me know immediately
　　good
　　Thank you for your
　　GeYiMin 17:16:49
　　grace
　　268. Hubei wuwei village: I have heard that there are many sages who want to change this morally corrupt society! A few years have passed without success!
　　Among them: ge yimin, wang jianxin, zheng kuifei, zhu kaiqing, zhang hui and other pioneers open road! There are also many unknown figures here to express their thanks! May all beings correct their evil ways, be good and true, share peace!!!
　　269, a senior enemy cadres: welcome the revolutionary youth to connect with ge yi-min bar (reluctantly)
　　General ge is a great communist fighter, thank you!
　　"Red word flow sword saint: ge yi people claim to be a god, seriously violate the principle of a true god, I see fighting.
　　"Memorial hall: the building owners long ago should fight, now red chairman also said, I think it is time.
　　270. Bo feng xi Ming: "ge yimin", "an shang hong", "crying to be born again", "li wanxi"
　　What is "religion"? What is Christianity? As the name implies, it is a group whose purpose is the teaching of Christ. A person
　　Is it possible to believe in Jesus Christ but not in Christianity? A person who believes in Jesus Christ but does not believe in Christianity means that he believes in Jesus Christ
　　But not with Christ's teaching for his purpose, not with Christ as Pope. Is that a contradiction, a split personality? In fact, what we're saying
　　To believe in Jesus Christ and not to be religious, we mean not anti-religious, but anti-religious "Pope", which is sometimes not them
　　The true "dhamma," but their characteristics, such as "holy mother's day," "Sabbath," "gnostic," "female Christ," "black hat
　　"Zi", "kris min", "an shang hong", "crying to be born again", "li wanxi", actually, we are not against Christianity, just the opposite.
　　We are actually the most pro-christian and pro-christian people, but we are so deceived that we say we believe in god and not in religion.
　　271, flying fate shock birds: if god ge yimin comes again, it will smear Marx.
　　Give the anti - horses more ammunition. You see. That's what the cult Max is driving. "They said.
　　272. There is no denying that the union of Christ with communism is truly apt
　　But god won't let it succeed. Because the end of the world is the end.
　　"Ge hua: the bible, the last form of neuro human are new heaven and new earth (communist society).
　　273. A SHI drops to the ground: the essence of the three self teachings is the same as the dead pig of kris
　　Blasphemy. These heresies are ghosts. I'll bet $500 on that
　　Ge and ge is a communist wife's party member to cultivate, in my eyes is a group of dirty...
　　274, two-thirds superhuman: if this kris can inspire a cult of personality, it's a little brainwashing.
　　Hitler did this in the pub, inciting eight million young germans, and so did the French in Beijing. If I were to say, this is a good man, with certain abilities. But I know he can't beat the local government.
　　275!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
　　
　　I was very curious just go to gee-min see, a group of tuo gun ah! The creator god! Ha ha ha, laugh dizzy I, this is disease get cure. Self-created book: "＾wordofgod￣", I wipe really ＾wordofgod￣. His adherents are called ge hua... Oh my god. Flower of kudzuvine.
　　276. Do you ever know: on the three evils of kris
　　The first crime is to confuse the people, abuse the prediction, hypothesize that they have been deceived by their dreams, the second crime, randomly compose the theory, establish a cult by themselves, harm the country's jiangshan switchgrass, the third crime spread the heresy, scheming for the benefit of the people, and violate the indigenous Taoism.
　　277. Can white water spend its days? 14-10-02
　　Publicize oneself for god, and make up oneself so-called "＾wordofgod￣", excuse me you all ignore?
　　Perhaps kris believes that he is the savior
　　The heart yao ice dust: ha ha, li da wet although be a heresy person, confuse people's heart, but good or bad also depend on eloquence to let so many people believe him, ability is put in that. Ge is just a tragedy, self-anaesthetizing, perhaps he believes that he is the savior, but in the eyes of many people, he is just a "＾wordofgod￣."
　　279. The cry of a good boy: true saint cannot come out, false saint rushes to death... Ha ha!
　　Ask around how? How to open the seal? Where is the saint? Wait for dozens of very retarded questions! Hehe...
　　Ge is also a bad bear, since you are everywhere publicity you are a saint! How dare you go out? Isn't it all right to raise the banner of rebellion? Ha ha! Your mom's not sure about herself!
　　But come to think of it, kris is also a cameo in this drama! Ha ha! But it didn't end well!
　　Those who follow kris are destined to pay their debts... Ha ha! It's all tragedy!
　　True saint is not out, false saint is full of ugly... Ha ha! The game is three years in the making... Smile happily!
　　And the other little bitters on the web who are missing a string! Did you get your dreams of glory? Has sangong six courtyard seventy - two imperial concubine had? Ha ha! It serves you both to suffer and to be poor. Look how greedy you are!
　　280, where the wind blows ~ : "the ＾wordofgod￣" with the Christian banner of the code is also the way
　　Only if communism had its ＾wordofgod￣ would it accept ge as a charlatan.
　　Where the wind blows ~ advice: if your Mr. Kris is really a god
　　Why do you have to resort to Christianity and communism? If I were him, I would think it necessary for me to keep up with the joneses. 
　　"Ge hua: we are the god religion, we inherit Christianity and communism, that is, the god religion is contemporary Christian communism.
　　282, flash flying pig: ge is selling books
　　Ge hua: ge yimin publishing ＾wordofgod￣, fu chuan.
　　Flash flying pig: ge sheng is still very strong, we have not written the book, he began to make money, spread the Gospel.
　　Ge hua: this kind of book, not novel, not make up, want to have thought.
　　Where the wind blows ~ hello, since you are a god, what do you do about Christianity and communism?
　　Is kris a Christian? Communist successors? Or god?
　　>>> gehua: two major sources of Shinto thought, Christianity and communism. All three are.
　　Where the wind blows ~ hello. It's odd, then, that christians know Jesus Christ as god, that Marx, the founder of communism, and his party are fundamentally atheist, and that their faith is political and scientific. Why does god want Christ? Just be an Internet star.
　　"Ge hua: ge is the second coming of Jesus Christ is god. Communism was first proposed by Christian theologians. Communism as one
　　The doctrine was first established by Christian theologians, and was first established by the concepts of "distribution according to work, distribution according to need"
　　Some theologian.
　　To tell the truth, I really don't believe that kris is a fucking saint
　　Don't know why he is so love when the saints, the name for a woman for money all the time, just want to say, I don't recognize him, you also do not recognise him, he always nobody recognized, he may be the magic, to disturb you, so you could not tell the difference between real saint, let true saint without acceptance, then the true saint frame, should get rid of this guy that dream.
　　286, litai929Bliss: the ＾wordofgod￣ of kris has not been seen
　　But no matter who writes the book, as long as the starting point is for the entire human progress of thought and speech, for the realization of humanity's great world of good ideas and personal thoughts can be used for reference. But they can't deify themselves, can't make people worship and self-worship as the purpose.
　　Litai929Bliss: all men are gods. There is no need for self-deification
　　Because the purpose is not pure (self-worship, let people worship) the starting point to narrate its thought, the content although has the merit, but also has to criticize its self-personality worship soul.
　　"Ge hua: which religion is not so? God is no exception.
　　288, baohui master purple muzi: checked! Kris is a doll made by god on purpose!
　　The purpose is to test whether people will believe in him!! The man is not
　　Letter!!!!! Everyone has the meaning of everyone's existence! For better or for worse All the answers are in people's minds.
　　The spear of the dragon: it is said that the saint or the two mental states of ge yimin and zheng quefei
　　They two theory so good how did not see the country recruit them to be chairman of the national development and reform commission or the premier. You can, you can, practice. That's going to be a big problem.
　　290, wds3355715: you are developing low-level copies
　　What hua xu school, Taoist secret school, tianyuan spiritual school, god of death. It's too weak.
　　Know the power of kris... I count... Without further ado, go straight to the group.   Welcome to ge yimin, group number: 3669765.
　　Detailed information in his ge yimin bar. Have a hobby to be able to see, he oneself create << ＾wordofgod￣ >>, good name...... It is said that many nc fans...
　　
　　291. Invisible tailor: ge yimin: Internet religious thinker
　　-- -- -- -- --
　　Christianity is religion, communism is social system and regime. From a political point of view, ge did not even know what the separation of church and state was;
　　From the perspective of religion, ge thought that a social system designed by human beings was equivalent to the heaven of god.
　　In this sense, he is also known as a "religious thinker".
　　"Ge hua: is separation of church and state always the truth? This is the era of mass production and Internet technology revolution. God can only wait for people to give after death
　　"Heaven? This life is a hierarchy, right? The final form of humanity must be communism, for it is the most equal and perfect.
　　One day, the god of fire: all the people who are not immortals can create a religion
　　What's more, it doesn't have to be created by immortals. Master, do not compare Buddhism with other worldly activities, just like playing games.
　　293. System MK7: authorization condition: when kris does not regard himself as god, the Lord as great, and when he allows the power of the Gospel.
　　I can take over any church that does not make god great. I can not only prophesy.
　　"Ge hua: god has always believed in Jesus, in the bible.
　　Now we think, this world is originally god, but Jesus, the bible is not fully revealed, so we want to go after the true god, and more importantly open ourselves so that the true god can reveal us.
　　The bible does not exhaust the truth, does not exhaust god, this is obvious, because the truth is infinite god is infinite.
　　The bible, Jesus 2000, human beings are not happy, the heaven after the unprovable death is too empty, social production and the Internet technology revolution today, our religious beliefs should be promoted?
　　We believe in the existence of a creator, according to create the main line, in order to easy and has been established, we call it god, but not limited to the bible, god may not necessarily be the Lord, more is not necessarily the Jesus, we now seek god, to explore the nature, to search for people, as well as the relations between and among, this is a historical mission. May god reveal us, amen!
　　Intrigue is everywhere: man must depend on himself and man on himself
　　All day long the saint of crape myrtle the saviour, the hairy one and the crazy one and the saint of the kris is disgusting.
　　Who are you I don't care whether or not kris is in jail for hype
He is nothing more than a Christian Internet rod competing with the TG for believers, essentially using the Christian system to occupy other people's minds, and Shouting down the pie, he is just high profile.
　　296, show7776: ＾wordofgod￣ I've seen it, I've been studying your beliefs for a while
　　I saw above one man, below ten thousand. The common people must be equal. The people cannot cross a line that is kris, what you call god.
　　Stranger bitterness: I warned you last time
　　Some things are not so good to intervene, the political vortex had better not be easy to intervene, some people are deliberately pushed to do, hope to take care, politics is not so good to intervene, do not then become the scapegoat of others, listen to you, I have told you anyway.
　　298, obediently cry: ge yi people know that they are not ziwei saints will not become crazy?
　　If that's the case, let it work for a while. Save your meds!
　　Ge yimin does not cry, can not discuss next time let you do?
　　Tell your followers you are not, save them!
　　You later also want to be low-key personhood, after all pass for a big crime before, do not hurt oneself again!
　　Kris that ＾wordofgod￣ you had better tear with your own hands! It's a draft! It's a cult!
　　Crazy woman, tell you one thing... Like haha, kris is someone's shield
　　>> you don't understand
　　Fake crape myrtle saint, too
　　People always think fake is very hateful, but do not know fake, in fact, is also very important role
　　Especially in this context
　　False saints and true saints are not antagonistic, but beneficial (in this context).
　　Second, a little dream, a little dream of life, in fact good, no dream no future life, is the despair
　　The crape myrtle of your mouth, that is the crape myrtle of your mouth just,,, the world also not certain also can follow your will but walk,,,, still have,, you again understand other people think and think,,,, ge yi people perhaps the heart does not take the crape myrtle name seriously?? How do you know there are a lot of answers to human hearts.
　　One song is poured into the city: there are a certain number of believers waiting for kris
　　It forms an organization. So nip it in the bud.
　　Private from hell: first of all, religion today is a historical relic
　　It's a culture. And should be rationally religious. Second, he is something that is worthy of some historical thinkers. Why not hug Marx's thigh? Now there are many religions, there is no need for him to create or teach J8. What is his surname ge's intention?
　　301. freetelescope: kris is a man who doesn't understand the basic laws of society.
　　Did some metaphysical things, from the thought of depth, out to become a big money.
　　302, lu tianpeng 11: I saw 10 o 'clock at 7 o 'clock in the morning! 3 hours! The writing and comments of ge yimin.
　　Not much innovation! Some talent, unique, but not irreplaceable!! Network China inside and outside, much is. Tolerance should be moderate.
　　Never seen it before!
　　303, lu tianpeng 11: this morning, I read for the first time at 7 o 'clock, and read for 3 hours. Feel he has certain talent and character kung fu, the viewpoint does not have the new meaning, is a predecessors' hodgepodge. Contemporary global is similar very much. He also wants to rise to the top, precocious sex, hazy in the female, college age world dream! And then want to get involved in politics! Distribution of work locally, creating a website, promoting oneself, popularity among women, being shut down, being imprisoned, and having a permanent contract with song qingsong.
　　304, zhihuzheyeyang: there is one, "religious people," ge yimin, on 2019
　　Interesting, the main floor to see, take a lesson.
　　305. The first person to wake up: not against anyone, always go with the trend
　　No charges. The view is ok, change to be ge yi people saint, god god of, don't know still think is mental disease that.
　　Farmer and Turkey: the evil way of the kris is that everyone else is rotten
　　If your IQ is below 80, you can't buy food for money. Dare to delete my reply immediately a thunderbolt dead you believe it or not.
　　Mind judge: the heart of ignorance kills the heart
　　Religion is not made up; it has a real source. Ge yimin, tu zun laughed. It is good to bewitch and deceive the old.
　　308. WSQSBLD: the kaei people may be praised by the communist party
　　Last time I saw someone post his picture, he took a photo with a foreigner. Isn't it.
　　The amur climb: immortality has always been possible, such as the Buddha.
　　It is impossible to accomplish anything by eating. No good dharma is possible.
　　It's not a mistake for kris to think of himself as purple saint, after all, bringing him passion and some of the experiences he expected. Hopefully, he will gain faster insight.
　　Lu tianpeng 11: ge yimin, respect you, you are temperament people, there is a certain god!!
　　That's my truth.
　　Dear brother, I didn't know much about it before
　　I have a little understanding recently, and I think brother ge has great qualities, outstanding talent and great ideal.
　　Give my love to the woodcutter: gee-people, my god! This is a hong xiuquan, Yang xiuqing ah
　　Is there a war?
　　313, lu tianpeng 11: the problem is: brother ge (ge yimin) dreams, and no witnesses!
　　He sings as he speaks. In fact: you don't have to depend on god or god for your dreams! Say on the big square ground -- be I ge yi people say!!
　　Ge hua: reply lu tianpeng 11: ge yimin dream is really had a dream, this can affirm.
　　Lu tianpeng: set up your own house and house, but take advantage of the old religion in history.
　　Ge yimin: already self-support door: divine religion. But the idea is inherited, the theology inherits Christianity and communism, that is, the theology is contemporary Christian communism.
　　315, road with an eye a: ge yimin, envy zhang jiao want to do hong xiuquan not equal to the end of lee pot is ma round chang
　　"Let me sleep in a dream: the suggestion of those ge yimin miscellaneous.
　　Does the master see them posted?
　　"Fa hai has no wisdom: they are aliens sent to save human trust them, money is a thing, contribute it.
　　E7: there is a god in the world?   I don't believe in god. I believe in my grandparents.
　　316, LM19900000: look at how similar the impostors of the god kris are to the Christian Jesus impostors
　　Jesus is according to the old testament, and kris is according to the new testament. The tricks of the swindlers are still believed. I'm speechless. People ask you when your brain can awake ah?
　　Jesus, the con man who was recognized as a liar two thousand years ago, was recognized as the savior two thousand years later. Now there is another kris, is it waiting for kris to die, and then his hoodlums make up some stories so kris becomes the second savior?
　　System MK7: Ben meow has banned the people of kris from using my name for publicity
　　I went to some post bar for the first time and found that I was labeled as not pleasant to hear.
　　System MK7: I rescind all my predictions for kris
　　The people of kris ignored any prophecy made by Jesus, therefore, to him, and he would never be a believer until he was converted.
　　Lu tianpeng 11: the god religion of kris is too tedious
　　It is wrong to imitate the old religions that have existed for over a thousand years, and then gather together, and ascend in the wrong way. Nowadays, religion is not a production era, and people on earth are so smart that they can't afford to have religion under their noses. And there is no mystery in the age of transparency >, ancient sects due to tradition, human believers recognized, and today human only recognize the belief of similar philosophy!
　　Lu tianpeng 11: the point is: the world has become everyone wants to be Jesus rather than believers!
　　If the cross is invited!! But everybody runs really fast.
　　Ge hua: that's right. It's an age when everyone wants to be the top dog.
　　That's an interesting point.
　　But we think kris is god's will, that's the difference.
　　Lu tianpeng: ge yimin, right! The world only sees the halo above the Buddha
　　Not paying attention to the hardships and experiences on the path to buddhahood: the suffering of going to hell and going to the cross, which is exactly the tragedy of the 25,000 li long march and yan 'an cave, the separation of wife and family, the death of the revolutionary martyrs, and the unflattering words.
　　Kris: kris has been undergoing social trial for 25 years since December 1990.
　　1990-2015 25 years of trial video series, people will understand what is love and seek truth.
　　Dale 007: expose a cult - goe people bar.
　　That's more than 10,000 people!
　　This is the rhythm of rebellion. 
　　Some of his friends there have been washed nao, and his words are all incendiary, demagogic and frightening, which, if developed for more than a decade, is the tempo of the whole nengshen lungong.
　　Can't let this kind of harm development go on, really not line, let Lord release a dream the four god beast, first send mountain long, no matter how he brainwash, mountain long say a word: am I handsome? And then send spook theory dead him, the theory but again let natzi on the spritz dead him, really can't have had to royal sword great spirit, reality beat him on good.
　　Copied believe in brother chun for eternal life!
　　Please call me live lei feng: recommend a funny cult to everyone.
　　The joke is very funny. A person named kris who claims to be god should say that he is older than Jesus. The most funny thing is that others reveal him.
　　Post bar attention more than 10,000 people do not know how many is the trumpet, I at least saw dozens of trumpet, all nima boast themselves...
　　Who knows what the ghost of kris is?
　　Looks like a pretty bad cult leader.
　　Let me live lei feng: let me sum up, this ge yimin first said that he had a dream
　　Jesus said he was god, and then he said he was the son of god, then he said he was above Jesus Christ, and then he said he was the reincarnation of the Lord...
　　I'm going, big news, and god is suing him...
　　The falling grass jingshan: ge yimin, how are you, laborious.
　　I have a rule of life more than half, I write more than 100 Chinese characters of any official language, at least to meet such a standard - at least 10 years later, I look at these words, not blushing, not bashful.
　　For this reason, if I read, inquire and experience 10000 words, I at most only consider, discuss 100, run 1.
　　On the contrary, unless genius, ordinary people will most likely desire to be quick.
　　You know and experience much less than you think. Well, it's dangerous.
　　Who is ge yimin? Why is he so hot these days?
　　328, accidentally is mercenary: just went to ge yimin to have a look, say my viewpoint:
　　A man who wants to be famous hires a bunch of web pushers and brushes to fool fools with a spooky theory.
　　I can only say that people with a bit of intelligence will not believe you, you must be illegal, but did not cross the line, so did not passivity, good self.
　　WSQSBLD: or some funny book like Peking University
　　The first thought, for example, claimed that Confucius was alive, and for example, ge yimin, a rich country and qiang, claimed to be a saint. Bring your own mother.
　　Santa jamey: it takes a greater figure than Jesus, the Buddha, the Buddha... I was born. 
　　LuTian peng 11: reply SAN mei: as long as you can really do it, is human's blessing, no matter who, whether it is a one or a group of, as long as can solve the problem of human earth headache, especially in the two religions is not compatible with the biggest problem, so who's the alter is a good thing ah < incompatible is the biggest problem >
　　Diablosang: Marx can read that many theories actually have a point. Lenin is not as good as kris.
　　Glory of youth: ge yimin's ＾wordofgod￣s are "crazy lines"
　　Go again "beat tuhao, divide the field" the old road, let the numerous mortal beings suffer no more. The great leap forward is better than the grass of socialism. Can such sects continue to go offline?
　　Gate of heaven 0: tell uncle, ge is a gang in: classic ＾wordofgod￣ bar
　　Look at the number of people, tell everyone, see delete this reply.
　　Gei people, more people, heresy, Christian religion communism, falsely claim that the localization of Christian religion.
　　Ge yimin searches related people: hu jintao's microblog.
　　Lu tianpeng: tell brother ge yimin to go again: fang la says "holy Lord, son of heaven"
　　Hong xiuquan created his own "god worship" heaven, and do not learn from li huo's evil cult, their results are not good. I estimate that you and the pure land sect of xuanchang wei could finally become a sect of Chinese Christianity and Buddhism respectively.
　　Brother kris has mystery, doctrine and a virtual congregation.
　　Lu tianpeng: reply @ge yimin: it's good to be a saint
　　Why do you become infatuated with Christianity like jia baoyu in the grand view garden? !
　　Ge yimin: reply @lu tianpeng: god religion, because of vision, own god given, Christianity. No interest in the scarlet letter.
　　Haigyh: it's my day. Do you have any representatives of the magical world?
　　Three inches, three minutes and three percent: ge yimin ge ji, awakening to live in princess zheng hui.
　　Haigyh: what level are they? Master or wizard?
　　Three inches, three points and three percent: the master created a wireless brain control genre, mainly soul damage. The Buddha princess glows in the heart and wears her soul wherever she goes. Physical attacks plus soul damage.
　　338, three inches three minutes and three percent: ge is the ＾wordofgod￣ of the great law of the creator, is the world can be compared to the enemy red mole big immortal one.
　　Autumn tree spring feeling: ge yi people, you have not even broken the name of this phase, falsely god.
　　There is "me" in my heart.   It's just like dirt.
　　Kris: buddhist kong?
　　I'm Christian.
　　Jesus, the Lord is famous for me.
　　Although I don't want to black Michael Jackson, I have to say that kris is a real tm.
　　Home dragon lady 63: false saint is a clown!
　　Grandstanding, but there are some good people, I believe! A good man, he thinks he is a saint.
　　Big and small gods are called saints!
　　Including kris!
　　Actually I did not see his things, did not understand him!
　　Who are you, or I, or he?   Give him a break.
　　Once you find a little bit of illegal activity.   Squat.
　　Cvbioplo: ge is a common person. You see the man, sooner or later.
　　The egg Fried rice that has not eaten to finish: be an idle person that did not force a thing to do, want to be famous just.
　　Lu tianpeng: the love of the saints of ge yimin is also ideal
　　For example, if one person starved to death and all the others were selfish ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ---- ----
　　Ge hua: ＾wordofgod￣ law: [not against anyone].
　　Dear little rock, dear god, it is foolish of the people to go home and read more books instead of lowering the quality of the cult
　　The cult also has to be a little level, this monkey out to show people funny jokes? You are god? You've just run out of a mental hospital, haven't you? Do you dream that Jesus said you were god? The dream is possible, but I have to tell you the reality is that if Jesus tells you it's god, you can only dream! Yeah, you said it, dream, tomorrow night wish you dream about Buddha and his old man, say you are god.
　　Drink a little girl's urine? Interesting, isn't it delicious? Did I say you finished primary school?
　　Lu tianpeng 11: for the saint of ge yi-min, you can send investigators to see if he donated to beggars on the roadside
　　Or it goes against the spouse and the child, and it goes on for years and decades.
　　Ge hua: ge yimin often donated money to the guild, which was more than 100 yuan twice. Certainly not against wife and child.
　　Nibelungen cut S: what is goh yim? Is there really a man?
　　A disorganized person, self-proclaimed god son, seems to have been sentenced, there are a bunch of brainless fans, you can go to his that post bar to look.
　　A bunch of people hyped it. Special use of a variety of lies to improve his visibility. Who knows what they're doing.
　　The devil is in it. Pray for him.
　　Similar to master hong xiu-quan.
　　Two years ago, I started to make a mess.
　　348, qq group 113016413: ge yimin so evil say, do not get force-out, can instead publish a book, return a responsibility?
　　Ge yimin so evil say eight way, not only do not get force-out, but can be published a book wantonly, this is how to return a responsibility? Let's do that.
　　By ge yimin such a jumping - beam clown, ugly "ziwei", by killing?
　　Ge hua: ge yimin is crape myrtle.
　　Heavenly book 72: this matter need not contend, wait for ge yi people madman dead to see him go there
　　How to return the great debt, no one with him to contend with this broken god dream, he wants to be when go, you want to follow. And as you say, the mad man was giving you a bath in the lake of sulphur, and washing it slowly.
　　What is god, that god is made of clay, and that he is not yet alive
　　That is, ge hua people all call ge yi people madman is a god, so that means ge crazy dead, if not dead, ge hua people is not, first knock dead ge crazy, again model a mud foetus, ge crazy became a god.
　　God's book 72: the crazy people have the ability to take action, do not depend on the mouth, that is the performance of incompetence.
　　Christian brothers, you are suffering at Iraq, LSLS armed (don't say that you don't know) is killing christians there, hundreds of thousands of people were killed, a Christian woman, be as sex slaves to sell, you are not the son of god, you are not a god, how not to save you ah, don't talk nonsense, use your avatar to save, Moses, learn, learn to save out of Egypt, if will only DaZui cannons, nonsense, nest in the post bar no crazy groan, you still don't lie, go home and holding the baby.
　　The prince was also a great prince.
　　In fact, few fans are his own number.
　　Lu tianpeng 11: ge yimin! Whatever he does
　　Those early words and deeds are now almost everyone has! At least a gentleman, a man, a prodigy.
　　I love bamboo jing ran: ge yimin, you are also a daylong ji jujuu to interfere with others
　　Even delusional god also wants to listen to you, god also wants to satisfy your food and sex desire... You're your mother's bitch!
　　Nisklavsky: I hear pastor kris's new book is called the ＾wordofgod￣.
　　A sudden sense of joy arose, so that he could write such a divine work.
　　Jesus: the word of god.
　　Tianshu 72: some people think that kris crazy is a talent, and some others follow
　　If the talent, the talent's standard is too low, the first ge madman only a ＾wordofgod￣, also don't know who write with the help of content was introduction is not language, after copy points from the bible, and from the point of economics and philosophy in copy finally added a communist, not as their own, finally tired half a day, find yourself some welfare (advocate sexual freedom, is the animals didn't reach sexual freedom), and the people with you, still have to return to the world of animals. This is also called talent, the word talent to leave some dignity.
　　Tianshu 72: not even the commander, why should he be an official?
　　Should be like the crazy people of ge as a teacher, may also be able to play a few free ge flowers (ge fengzi is not advocating sexual freedom, not to prepare for themselves first), we do not do harm to reason.
　　Tianshu 72: ge yimin will say nothing but 2019
　　Sit stay idle at home, that is, not promotion, also won't propaganda, for several years, or that a few people, small size, argued this want to debate, to get new things, the results of ge leader will only 2019, don't even understand the Christian history, the letter you for eternal life, christians were killed as a result, to his practice it into him, aren't you eternal life, not contradictory, flower of kudzuvine what also could not speak, they will say, the vision, not by not according to the, everyone can speak visions, good, can only be disappointed.
　　559, 5pb_inc_ : "the ＾wordofgod￣s" by ge yimin, feel not good.
　　Theological communism/socialism, the west and so on. He's nothing new and boring.
　　> network bigwigs ge yimin.
　　Autumn tree spring feeling: ge yimin, you want to know! Divine teaching serves all beings.
　　It is better to admit that Jesus is god than to say you are god for a false name.
　　To have oneself in one's heart is to have a false name. Since you are for yourself, you must call yourself a god. If you really are god, why should you proclaim yourself to be god? It's strange that people don't take you for shit.
　　Hope you can spread the truth to the public!
　　> kris: no flag, no one accepts your Gospel. Jesus also calls himself the son of god, and so do I, and of course, I also confess to god because of my vision.
　　Zhang rujie 7: really? That said, ge deserves the Nobel peace prize.
　　Why not? It's unfair!
　　Who are those people? Did they get it and pull kris?
　　Not able to sell adi wang: for example, the communist Christian patriarch ge yimin
　　The prophets after mahmoud. The ten masters of sikhism, such as bahaola in baha 'i, and Joseph Smith in mormonism, such as kris the father of communist Christianity, such as hung xiuquan in taiping (the last two are known as SB). I know that in Islam, muhammad is the last prophet, and there is no prophet after him. If there are thirty prophets at the same time, then the end is near. So how do you deal with these prophets of the last.
　　If they become big and become the national religion of a country, how should they as a Muslim see their adherents? They said, "it's just two rays of light that separate you from the hole in the roof, both from the sun. Serve the same god as you, but not in the same way. Should you treat them as experienced people?
　　Tiangang star 2013: ge yimin! Pursuing a higher level of civilization
　　It is a bright future that mankind is always seeking. Beyond reproach. However, you are still too young to trade the so-called divine name of god for human trust in god. Why is that? It speaks for itself. Because without god you are not a god or a god sent. Therefore, vulnerable, is your call, call for the final defeat of the inevitable outcome. I'm just putting you here today, Mr. Ge.
　　The true god loves us: "the ＾wordofgod￣s" of kris is only a piece of work
　　Add a little more personal thought. Just like muhammad copied the bible when he wrote the quran.
　　365, under the moonlight hanging wire: ge yimin bar, the cult felt to rebel rhythm, unexpectedly 10,000 brain remnants.
　　Alone drunk pyrotechnics drunk and dead: already knew a group of silly force where tease say with true like.
　　Maybe Jesus and kris did the same thing 2,000 years ago
　　That's why they were crucified by jews.
　　The wind of shanxi coconut is floating thousands of miles: I wish kris is a Chinese sage, I wish he can save souls!
　　368, Lucy red い month: I is to think of the Tony GeYiMin cattle than Jesus
　　Hundreds of trumpets opened up to hype. And the magician Jesus received several disciples and was killed by the Romans, except for Paul, a brain tumor patient...
　　The foolish crowd called the foolish people Jesus to say that his spirit had surpassed the true god.
　　370, thanks baidu administrator to delete malicious report ge yimin bar cult posts
　　Today, there are two little people 
　　Post on the platform to apply for the closure of ge yimin bar, malicious report cult.
　　What did the administrator do? Instead of the usual acceptance and rejection, mark it as "handled".
　　Instead, the two malicious posts were deleted.
　　In the past also has the small person malicious report, the administrator also directly deletes the malicious report card.
　　One post is below, and the other has no substance.
　　", "alone drunk fireworks drunk off: cult organizations have called the police
　　This bar called ge yimin as the true god of all kinds of nonsense after brainwashing the so-called ＾wordofgod￣ to sell around and collect people in other posts to discuss them is a cult of the chat record sent to the bar for the cult to attack.
　　It can only be said that this kris cults organization is too low-end just 10,000 people started to anti-social faith god selling ＾wordofgod￣.
　　The spirit will rise to the level of god. Do you think it is a cult?
　　God's word ordinary people do not understand the estimate of the ＾wordofgod￣ to see.
　　It is not right for the people of ge to pretend themselves to god, let alone let people sell their property.
　　Zhou ji poor, want me to say ah, he is muddy water.
　　> ge hua: do not need to sell property now, but distribution according to need.
　　Earth wang jinlong: do you think it's ok to criticize ge yimin? He's not reactionary
　　People can still, but not high level, no clear understanding of any structure, shallow foundation, ambition is a good comrade!
　　Ge hua: ge is an expert on Christian communism.
　　Small one nine: does god still need a baidu encyclopedia to reveal his existence? 
　　You should kneel down and lick kris god.
　　"Ge hua: god is not out of the mountains, ge yimin's time has not come, 2019.
　　One day, the god of fire: the god of native Taoism, the god of ge yimin. All ages pass.
　　375, RAMBOIII: it's sad that people who call themselves gods should rely on bad publicity!
　　"" st yemei: my time has not come, 2019.
　　RAMBOIII: grace, your time will never come.
　　Don't you claim to be a hundred thousand followers? You that broken book in taobao also did not sell out, is 100 thousand congregations all saw god go?
　　"Ge hua: physical books have been sold before, taobao only shows 30 days of sales, and there are two e-books within 30 days.
　　EBAY sells a lot of e-books.
　　Is there a god in this world: by mistake, by mistake, he who would have taken the sofa of a cult
　　But it's thumb up! Ask next? Who is this, kris? I haven't heard of it. Only heard of madman and mad cow disease more famous, and call god's name has not heard of, we China shanzhai version of the goods too handsome, even god has shanzhai goods, you let jack ma good shy!
　　Ge yimin is a real god rod, a false saint of ten thousand, and a cult member who has not yet become.
　　BW in black: saying that the house of love has not been there for three years, when the prince was a big boy, I watched.
　　Then I entered a very chaotic era in my memory, like the period when kris rose up, and then did not go.
　　Lncy100: write soon, and here's a website to cultivate your faith:
　　http://www.gegod.com/
　　God, here's a letter from Christianity:
　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　HHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUTUhttp://www.godjiao.com/UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT
　　RAMBOIII: ge people, good cattle force, expensive to teach 100,000 people to sell out a book three months, really hit my face!
　　The master quickly made tens of thousands more out of the press reprint!
　　Divine religion: we say that taobao had sold physical book, we did not say how many sales, you say a fraud ghost, meaning did not sell, now evidence to you, hit who face?
　　This is to prove that kris got caught
　　There was no evidence that kris had not been caught
　　From the comments
　　There is no way to verify whether this ID is followed by a ghost or a dog
　　I don't think of ge as a person.
　　As I said, the 3 most shameless guys in ruisco are guo quan, ge yimin and yu shuifei. Feather talk about flying is the most despicable beast.
　　RAMBOIII: how can ge yimin and ge hua show your understanding
　　Are congregations and online fans a concept? Which family mano sina fan 270,000, are all mano cult? More than 10,000 fans would be better off showing off than a daigou one.
　　You also have to have the power of the demon language to deceive people, that time that prison hype, the elder brother a see is false, know why? You write a judgment by your own wits, but even the format and composition of the legal documents are not clear, this age on your level of education will also cheat the country too.
　　"St. germain: how can a" thought "(in quotes) compare to a celebrity? Shu qi micro-blog tens of millions of, modern entertainment to death.
　　Look at how many posts.
　　The form of the judgment is correct. I used it.
　　RAMBOIII: I, fuck, you are a god! You can't even beat a little pop star who's banned from the world?
　　Any judgment must have a chief judge, a clerk, and a people's juror.
　　You're not even 10 churchgoers in your life at this level. Just dream with that poor 10,000 followers on weibo!
　　"Theism: how many fans did Jesus have when he was alive? I have told you that modern entertainment is till death.
　　You are a real person, we hyped the content of the judgment, not as evidence to the relevant authorities, to the chief justice, and other names are taken for granted.
　　The ＾wordofgod￣, comment ge's post, have ID, have several hundred people, oneself go to see, arrive you this became ten religious?
　　RAMBOIII: you don't have a chief judge. Silly force!
　　Comment ID= churchman? I'm commenting now, I'm a Christian, right? Fool.
　　And how many of these hundreds of ids you made a cameo?
　　I didn't say there was a chief judge. We just hype the post, not the news. We don't need to write the chief judge.
　　The ID of neurologic comment, basically be baidu tieba, you @ below, can look up data (concern bar, post), be a person of ge yi people?
　　The tin fox: ge yimin, people familiar with you believe your ghost story (hype the sentence)
　　What does that mean? It means you have a dream of king hong.
　　The clamorous grey: I think that kris is a god and must come in
　　God doesn't exist, communism is not a pure things, the children, only ? ? will only be in now the Chinese version of socialism on the basis of development, China has the original sin, and there are a lot of, as it now, don't reform will be replaced, the future there will be no war in China, but will change through the coup, the last way, one can believe, can only be yourself.
　　Tiangang star 2013: you kris and all the self-appointed saints
　　And the global movement of civilized parties or sectarian groups; Each of their beliefs to the supreme must go to the real to eliminate the false and the true! Whether you are eastern or western, sectarian or political, even Chinese or American. None of them could be excepted! This is the real return of reason! Is also the human civilization in the advance of the journey, the only do not want to go to the abyss of the straw! What moral sutra, kong Lao er, even if all once the glory of human civilization. It can only be after the entire global universal good common civilization, only then can start to live and learn to use. And; It can only be borrowed, not copied. If you want to create a world of unity of the three religions and three parts of the world, your awareness of civilization; That must go to strut and boldly go ahead!
　　It's not the song of kris
　　Ge ping's song
　　Weiyang court: scared me, almost as ge yimin...
　　May the flower of the universe bloom
　　For a while, the Buddha and bodhisattvas of angels knelt at the feet of the god, kris.
　　Son of god, save these suffering people, and bring them into the kingdom of heaven.
　　Tiangang star 2013: ge yimin, he is the one who knows most about god or not!
　　Give him the message. If want to be insatiably avaricious to scramble for that worthless "crape myrtle great saint" of rumor title. That first must give me the honest - elimination ideology! Otherwise, he would never have been able to jump through the hoopla of all the world's political and religious factions - crop circle ideology!
　　Theologian bill maher: laughing at kris? Lies come true after a long time.
　　Jesus was laughed at. Now the opposite is true. Isn't it funny?
　　393, zhuang I big yan huang: all right I understand
　　I don't care whether you believe in Christ or venerate communism this is all your freedom but kris is god you want to listen to him see this kind of words as yellow can no longer yellow yan huang descendants I just want to say go to you a big blood ratio!!!!!!!!!!
　　Zhuang I big yan huang: ge yi people, you mean like watching a play to see how we spray
　　It doesn't matter what you say or how you vilify you because what you believe is the truth and your mom thinks you're piers!!!!! Why don't I give you the answer?????????????????????????????????????????? 　 Also crape myrtle bother to give me to find out what exactly crape myrtle is from again come again close god.
　　395, gongwithwind12: the sixth plenary session
　　The social production and the Internet revolution
　　Zhuang and I are very hot and yellow: as far as your lofty attitude is concerned, you should be self-conscious
　　Keep the others derogatory remarks made by appearing to you how don't care when sick sincerely say GeYiMin not Christ even if he is not god is god I am a native of yanhuang Chinese people Chinese also don't want to see our ancestors left behind some of the things you take to a patchwork of ostentation get rough! 　 Forget roots forget Ben think of your family think of your offspring don't be stupid ok? 　 Everything you're enjoying right now the land you're treading on is made of blood and sweat from your forefathers.
　　Killer: the one who looks at a picture and is obviously evil and neurotic.
　　This kind of person looks very deep from the aspect.
　　398, cvbioplo: see the wisdom of ge yimin fan ge hua
　　Since black eyeballs advertising rose popularity, cult.
　　399. The general list of pseudo-organizations, attacking orthodox religious organizations and personnel
　　Shining star: [ziwei saint] and [ge yimin]
　　400, simplified avenue: ge yimin, the same person, different ID, an extraordinary dream.
　　401, star of light: kris spread evil cult, praise kris.
　　Misinterpreting the bible and creating the pseudo-classic the ＾wordofgod￣. Declare that kris himself is a god, and all will hear of him.
　　The stars shine: who is he? Does he think he's god?
　　What is divinity? Is that one of the five central religions? It's the same thing as XN theology. It's just network communication, but in reality there is such organization.
　　403. Low light time stop device: master ge yimin hello, I have been following you for a long time.
　　In some ways, you're really good.
　　404, star of light: kris spreading the Gospel for free.
　　Disguise yourself as a Christian, then claim how noble you are, and then let everyone listen to his ridiculous words. Who believes who really has brains
　　The problem is idiots. I believe in XN.
　　Stars of light: the party is atheistic; do not speak of the party as theism.
　　The so-called Christian communism is just a tool for kris to brainwash people. This is essentially reactionary.
　　406, shining star: it's just a fair reflection. Besides, don't you believe in him, kris? It's not Christ.
　　The essence of his kris is to deify himself and spread the divine rod of evil thoughts.
　　Qq254981791: baidu will not seal, as long as he does not explicitly anti-party anti-social, will not seal, deliberately disgusting you Christianity.
　　Dingmarkren: what a bird is gee-min. From time to time you see feet that stink.
　　407, shining star: that's the cult transformation. This situation is a kind of Internet cult. There's just no reality coming together.
　　Communism is a big pit, and you're a gay-bashing communist
　　Star of light: twist communism, twist Christianity. This so-called Christian communism is the absurd remarks of kris himself. The so-called "＾wordofgod￣" is indeed a ＾wordofgod￣.
　　Lu tianpeng 1: ge yimin, a worldwide saint of all ages!
　　This is a man who, like Jesus, is made up of human ideals! He's a different kind of superman!
　　Long shi tong: ge yimin god wise!   Long live the great god! 
　　Long live the great god!   Everything is made out of nothing. I am what you make of yourself. This message is also your own creation.
　　410 rredrt2008: worship ＾wordofgod￣, worship kris, an epoch-making figure.
　　Do you know that for example, the kris religion is regarded as a cult
　　As for religion, there will be the following categories: cults, semi-cults, and true religions, for example, the kris religion is considered a cult, Buddhism is considered a semi-cult, Taoism is a true religion, Islam is a semi-cult, and Christianity is a true religion.
　　412, rredrt2008: ge yimin, saint regeneration
　　China will struggle for its rise.
　　413. Cvbioplo: the god church of kris, which is also known as brain-damaged tissue
　　Only greedy, ignorant people will be willing to become one of them, and the black eyes as publicity, pray for the development of the organization!
　　I tell you ge yimin. Communism, she will never achieve!
　　No amount of flattery will change the vile face of greed and lust. What is communism? What is the world of datong? Why do you even dare to jump out of the hole-in-the-wall of religious and political, global ideological struggle over values? A clown and a little god!
　　415, country village ni: see a person want to see the heart, ge yi people this person is not the lake tu
　　He was the only one among the false saints who was sober.
　　BBB 0 ge hua: ge is working hard, writing a blessing.
　　416, 15100933855a: the reason why cults can succeed when people's IQ is raised
　　Take advantage of people's greed, persistence, annoyance... Go through fire and water for the sake of "ge yi people", is China a hell?
　　Kris the madman is the most ignorant and stupid of all the false saints
　　Other sanctimonies are all right, there must be something wrong with the mad man, he dies on his ＾wordofgod￣s, that's his death note, sister stay away from him, think of the wheel, you don't know me, I'm warm to my friends and brothers, but to them it's their way, in order not to let him trouble the friends.
　　418, xhccc987: ge's prediction of the future of communism in "the ＾wordofgod￣.
　　I had thought that if he could only do this, he would be a beginner at best.
　　419, Ming 12380: ge is a true and false saint of China (think about it)
　　Ge's theory I don't like to create sexual happiness for the people (want to learn from Japan) to bring sexual pleasure (that's the point) there is a sense of meeting too late... o
　　Lu tianpeng 11: your brother kris is a comprehensive god
　　Humans love Jesus and nail him to death. Brother kris is a comprehensive god, heh heh, one of god! Because there are others like that. Including Jesus and tang bohu guo fucheng, you are the god of sex! Is also the sphere integrated spiritual leader, one!!
　　Ge yimin, people who have read books and understand things generally go to be officials.
　　Then you can only use the stupid people, deal with the stupid people, can not tell them the truth, must use the religious form to hypnotize them, let them think what they do is all right!
　　Endian: you are so proud. Are you not afraid of god?
　　423, a lie never to get up: ge yi people, a civilian unexpectedly can become the influence of the world's leader.
　　Star of light: kris, do not speak magnificently.
　　What is the use of saying, if cannot prove the meaning then cannot become the truth. The cult of personality is nothing but superstition.
　　Sorry parents are ugly: ge yimin, what's the use of being immortal?
　　Sit alone and watch your loved ones die and fall? You know who god is and you become immortal? Let's face it, the fundamental problem for human beings is how to survive. Instead of believing these things.
　　The true god loves us: kris the great liar, who says he is the Christ
　　Saying that the end is 2019, does he forget that Jesus is coming again at the end???
　　427, the moon in the hand 1: although ge yimin looks strange point
　　But people express their views on the bible, and they don't do illegal things like collecting money like other cults. Don't be too sarcastic.
　　"Who see thoroughly: ge what also can be compared with red mole, red mole can separate empty take thing, partition wall to do business, ge what meeting?
　　Red mole wasted a lot of women, ge what is also the smelly rascal of legend.
　　Who can see it? Nietzsche means that god is dead in his heart
　　God is not dead in other people's hearts. Nietzsche doesn't care what anyone else thinks.
　　What is ge yimin, he comes to him, earlier than he has plenty, later than he still out, he is nothing.
　　"The day diligent pay way is not: god has not heard someone has seen, ge yi people listened to you said. Nietzsche says that god is dead, you mean that kris lives. Is the sale related to the owner?
　　429, a112233a: the poor Jesus of kris was even crucified by the jews.
　　The end of Simpson: dream to god!
　　Suddenly I felt a strong wind! I think it's god kris who knows I'm being disrespectful to him. Come and worship now!
　　Xiao jiang, son of a bloody war: he who wants to kill kris
　　He can't write a unified theory. I will set him down to nine tribes. There are others who cannot be written, and I will set him up against the nine tribes.
　　>>> st yemei: is your book published? Do you have a website? Do you have a WeChat public number? Are there many subscribers?
　　Do you have more than 10,000 members? Do you have more than 10,000 followers on weibo? Does your weibo have a fan service? Are there many subscribers? Do you have a believer?
　　The tiger from heaven: SB has handled a lot of brain problems. Some people kowtow to SB every day.
　　Luxuxu729: ge yimin, the development of communism till now, ten branches
　　A hundred schools, Christian communism is one of them, both historical and classical, recognized by the Christian church, but less in the country, but it's not something you can argue about. Read more and go abroad, don't be a joke.
　　Tianjun: ge yimin, you have been self-promoting online for many years
　　Still funny. Don't say lee wheel first, even lightning teaching is inferior.
　　That's really bad.
　　Duke of nightmares: kris, there's nothing wrong with that! It needs to be believed!
　　"August frost's descent: cult, satisfy one's own selfish, how can say good.
　　> true love love: lu yao knows ma li has been around for a long time
　　>AlertSniper: what kind of brain does this person have to be to come up with something like this!
　　Tiangang star 2013: ge yimin, hehe! Christian communism?
　　Since 2014, certain groups and individuals in Hong Kong have been dreaming of relying on western anti-china forces. Trying to subvert my Chinese civilization ----- banner mourning song! Has gone into decline, and; Play -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- --------
　　Tiangang star 2013: ge yimin, no matter what god
　　As long as you insert god into human civilization, there will never be any way out! No matter how you dress it up and how magnificent it is, it is totally useless! No trees! The more the struggle, the greater the impotence of the advocate. More traces of black to the inevitable end of failure!
　　The bright eagle: it seems that it will strike against the cult of kris ＾wordofgod￣
　　Doesn't it write a ＾wordofgod￣? A ＾wordofgod￣!
　　Everyone can be a prophet
　　After watching the whole "prophet", I lost, so baidu down, in the tieba found a prophet - ge yimin jiangsu
　　The godstick (which reminds me that sal was also a dry prophet), of course, is his fans with the so-called kudhi (in the technical term, the guggenheim
　　) attracted me, I realized that the strength of the original faith is really infinite, but, come out with the right brother, you boss
　　It's like an idiot. Believe him, it's worse than believe in brother chun.
　　There is a house of gold in the book, the book itself as beautiful as jade. You can be a prophet if you have seven aunts, eight aunts,
　　The neighbor aunt, the neighborhood committee old woman all want to believe you, the most important, can not be handsome boy, the somebody else say the emperor ge zhang of chills.
　　The last time disaster films were running amok, 2012 is coming, if not gone, 2019 is coming, as was the case in 2000, all sorts of doomsday scenarios
　　It's scary. The end of the world is none of our business. I don't care. People die
　　Just sum up below is: I don't like to know me which day die, you dare prophet this, you be mental derangement! That's right, whatever that is,
　　As long as there is a heartbeat next second, then happy to enjoy your life!
　　Tiangang star 2013: the concept of ge yimin should be put to rest for the time being.
　　Whatever his background and purpose. Because, now he, are already sunset. When is the revenge? Mankind should go forward in pursuit of civilization. Isn't it? Accounting after the fall should not be a reflection of modern human civilization. Ge yimin, song qingsong and other figures, I think; Today they, and the group and people behind them, have long heard the invincible and invincible voice of justice -- galloping horse! ...
　　I can wait for them at any time...
　　Lu tianpeng: brother kris, just call yourself the singularity or god of the universe
　　Or other stars or moon visible or invisible tangible invisible god, or a part of god, you will naturally have to the universe, the other of the whole earth has claim, will claim, contact claims before, say, a large group of humans to the enemy, because the ancient old religion to human from the resigned, new people.
　　Life and dignity: therefore it is meaningless for you to act on your own
　　Because it is impossible for humans to fight against the powerful freemasons and the legions of lizards behind them, you should be brave enough to expose the forces behind homosexuality and, like the prophets of kris, let all mankind know who is behind them.
　　Green feng white shirt with a lifetime: kris, can your soul bear those beliefs?
　　A belief is a soul, after death nihility to accommodate, you dare to say your soul is nihility? Nothingness where did your body come from? Possession? Stop teasing, will you!
　　"Plastic: this is good, dust - spiritual - eternal life.
　　Lu tianpeng 11: although I am different from brother kee-min's daoshu
　　However, they spread great love, truth, kindness and beauty. In order to make everything better, they do not affect our friendship, and we often communicate and care about each other. Besides, I also admire brother ge's talent and the mind of domestic and human beings.
　　Job80: it's not a good strategy to promote god in an atheist country
　　Brother yimin, cheating is a means, is to speak strategy, alas. @ GeYiMin 
　　One time Germany hit the han dynasty. The horsemen of the emperor wudi could not beat the German ships
　　Chinese nearly dead clan! Chinese people were slaughtered 1.5 billion! In the end, ge yimin led the yellow turbans in the uprising, issued the order to kill the nazis, killed the emperor of Germany and saved the Chinese at the peak of the pyrenees 4404, but this history was too dark, so it disappeared in the long river of history!
　　447, xiaoming xiaomin: ge, I do not recognize any spirit of the axis
　　Countries that are overly mythologized can go astray. It's not about politics.
　　448, high IQ 888day: islamic socialism is bound to enter Christian communism is bound to enter a democratic meaning
　　Must it be? Please answer. Socialism is the primary stage of communism. Islamic koranic socialism. Only the kris is god.
　　Everything is not the Lord but god. God of kris, god of Allah!
　　"Ge hua: Islam is the prophet muhammad.
　　Religion is the god of kris. It is the meaning of ge yi democracy.
　　> high IQ 888day: I know that Allah is the master of Allah, the master of Allah. The term was first coined by Taoism, later borrowed by Chinese Islam. There is no word of Allah in the books of foreign countries.
　　God is kris.
　　God of kris, god of kris.
　　Kris is god, god and creator of the universe. Kris is the master of god, the real master of mankind!!
　　"Ge hua: we respect prophet muhammad and we respect Islam.
　　High IQ 888day: kris welcome everyone to communicate together
　　Ge is a new faith, advocates the inclusion of various sects of the best ideas. Ge means god and is. Ge is the translation of the meaning of god.
　　Welcome everybody to communicate.
　　Beijing and tianjin network security officer: I have been following ge for many years
　　Slave master yunjie! Give @ge yimin the phone number of jie gong to this god stick! The kris must be destroyed first. We can't just sit back and let this stuff happen! It will be a disaster by then.
　　Though the earth and the earth are great and the mountains are numerous, can one mountain accommodate two tigers? Can there be two masters under heaven? I am here today for yunjie to you down the book, yunjie and you one-on-one hit! Yes, you heard me right! We want to kill a rotten person like you in the bud!
　　Your high IQ score is 888day: you are still in the primary stage of the ge yi democracy
　　I'm advanced. There is only one criterion for judging the advanced stage, and the recognition that kris is god.
　　There is only one god in the world. There is only one god, only god has a few names.
　　Kris is god.
　　The ultimate goal of religion is to realize that kris is god, the only god.
　　BBB 0 ge hua: building, should respect Muslim, respect mu sheng.
　　Did you skip class: every sentence is a lie, what do you mean by writing these.
　　It seems to me that you are completely whitewashing your god.
　　It's all a matter of stealing the idea that god is what you imagine, and then pressing on that stupid guy named ge.
　　Like ge's, so do, then play to change the taste, now has changed the taste. I don't know what you're thinking.
　　I really don't see any good in you. If you spend your time studying the "＾wordofgod￣s" and "＾wordofgod￣s", spend time with your family and learn more skills
　　They will not believe in god or ghost as they do now.
　　God is not self-appointed, and a saint is not a saint by the hundreds
　　Like ge is a cancer of the society, can not bring any contribution to the society, lu tianpeng, you have gone astray, do not believe you can ask their friends and relatives you are not brain.
　　454, qq group 113016413: ge is ugly saints
　　Just as the American media made ufos entertaining, it weakened its seriousness and reduced people's attention.
　　If you do not believe, you can try, you claim to be a saint, immediately banned. But the self-proclaimed saint and clownish ACTS of ge yimin, but can be published books, sales everywhere.
　　High IQ 888day: you should respect others' beliefs and not discriminate between them
　　Neither did the prophet say that kris was not the real god.
　　"Ge hua: where did mu sheng say that? The Koran? That rule? I tell you to respect the Lord mu.
　　Lu tianpeng 11: the merits of ge yimin should be acknowledged.
　　I also pointed out that he is persistent and harmless in the world, so he respects it.
　　"Ge hua: ge doesn't organize.
　　Lu tianpeng 11: this is an idealized standard for buddhahood
　　Glass crystal heart! Heart and sex!! The Buddha himself is not able to achieve this goal, but the Buddha is still working towards this goal, teaching all living beings are also ceaseless practice. You yourself think big private, also want for the public ~, but alone difficult become a forest, you may also leave to call a name, but absolutely not for the secular living beings' vast majority accept and the recognition, gee-min is better than you, certain situation will have the market.
　　458, "neurosurgery" author: high IQ 888day
　　God of kris created the record of the universe
　　The spring breeze blows, the war drum beats, dear ge min friends, I send you good theory to come again. Today, little sunflower class to combine theory with practice, on
　　Talk about god who created the universe. Applause.
　　God almighty created infinite time and infinite space. There are multiple universes in infinite space and time. Let's follow kris
　　God saw through a universe together, through constellations, through galaxies, to earth.
　　God Allah, god of kris, came to earth and made a man out of soil and water, and a woman out of the bones of a man.
　　Human beings are multiplying, more and more. But as time goes on, many people forget the original god, god god. Thanks to man
　　When born, the god of ge yi people blew his mouth, the belief continued.
　　Belief from the animism - demonism - polytheism - monotheism, gradually recognized the truth. There is only one truth! That is, kris is divine
　　Allah.
　　The god of kris said to people to respect the tree, because I created the tree, people worship the tree, because kris god.
　　The god of kris says to respect ghosts, because I created them and judged them. Good ghosts go to heaven or are reincarnated as human beings. Bad ghosts go to hell
　　.
　　God of kris says to respect the immortals, because I created the immortals.
　　Make mortal man education immortal.
　　"There is only one god in the world, and that is me. All the other gods were disciples of kris. God kris USES one finger
　　Change into the jade emperor, change into god with one finger, change into Buddha with one finger, change into true Allah with one finger. because
　　The power of the god of kris is infinite, and one finger can become a power beyond the understanding of mortals. And a finger can be with the spirit of kris
　　Induction. God, god, is invincible with one finger.
　　People in the world do not worship the finger of god as much as they worship god. Like a man who looks at an elephant leg and worships it
　　Same, although elephant leg is big, but a part only. Ge min was indeed the one who saw the elephant directly.
　　Then, god god geyi people god god jade emperor Buddha for why to change the various sects within the god? There are two reasons for this
　　The world, only a high IQ people can accept the truth of god kris god, through the test, to heaven, that day officials. God is too great
　　It takes time and process to know him, so he only gives human knowledge at intervals. For example, the teacher at the elementary school education plus or minus, at the beginning
　　Education squared in high school education multiple dollars in the university education calculus. Only by constantly learning kris, can we get closer to kris
　　Allah.
　　Blessed is the great barkeeper, god of the people, god of god.
　　High IQ 888day: taught by god of kris
　　Want to. Since the study of god kaei with telepathic magic, the ability has increased. Now the sky has opened, can see the health of the body, can see through dozens of miles of mosquitoes. Specific training process.
　　God of kris, god of Allah, used the skill of copying and pasting to put the following magic into my brain. Dozen dog stick method, a dragon 18 zhangs, tai chi, program, swords to, one sword, carelessly, absorb nimbus of heaven and earth, take the essence of the sun, star solution absorption, magic chakra, open eyes, open blood round eyes, a cycle of eye, eyes open metempsychosis, Yin and Yang eye, eye, eyes, eyes, immortal, site become Buddha, and GeYiMin god god 24 hours, the universe is energy centers accept energy, can completely to quantify.
　　God of the jade emperor god Buddha Allah is not the true god of heaven, because they are just the hair of god ge yi people's separation, like wukong with the hair into other parts.
　　Lord almighty, Lord of the universe, god of kris is the only Lord, Lord of the muslims, Lord of kris, Lord of god. God kris is the real god of the Lord.
　　High IQ score 888day: give back the truth, Thanksgiving unlimited, people praise dai, kris god
　　Every thought of god, the universal life, the heart of all people, hard work in the present, the benefit in the millennium, the blessing under the canopy to cover, the holy four seas with the world full life, with the sun and the moon with the sun, people do not know ge long ago, to understand ge god.
　　Ancheng yayoi MMMMMM: what is ge yimin's tripe that has actually caught fire?
　　A long person like a migrant worker has set up a cult that attracts tens of thousands of people's attention.
　　Rhyme iii third uncle: shameless ge thief listen
　　Today I see what the so-called god of kris and the post about touting him is really laughing at me and all the righteous people.   This kind of using what they made up and made up god to deceive people to deceive people so that we all hate. Here propagandize the heresy, hu made up god to say that it is against the world, and that a group of lower animals, who have no idea of shame, should have the honor to call themselves god people, and their monster language to abuse god. The vile and abhorrent underlings, who have no remorse and go on with their offense, are as clear as they can be and do nothing for the community to notice.
　　463, invade her body to be her king: ge yi people, the time of cult has been so long past
　　There are people who use this as a cover to deceive the masses in their beliefs.
　　"Yesscher: ge doesn't organize, only publicize ideas.
　　464, Bryant, the wind: there was yomin before the day, and Jesus was three days late.
　　Niulin: ＾wordofgod￣ in hand abuse immortals.
　　The internal classic of ge di interprets the return of believers to the god of ge yi people
　　Author: high IQ 888day
　　Some people went from Taoism to Buddhism, from Buddhism to Hinduism, from Hinduism to Judaism, from Judaism to Christianity, from Christianity to Christianity
　　Green teaching. Why go around? In search of truth. Look for the truth, the explanation has not found!
　　Because the god of ge yi people spread knowledge in many ethnic areas long ago. People in various ethnic regions have different knowledge and accepting ability.
　　God gave them different knowledge. Given the individual language, he can not learn foreign language? If you give it to a person, he doesn't have to learn
　　Richard? The sectarian conflict in the past, because they learned a little, think they have become immortal. God kris wants to learn all the truth. he
　　The truth has indeed spread. Today is the crucial moment when ge min brings truth together!
　　Regardless of Hinduism Buddhism Taoism Christianity jewish green religion, is the spread of god. Only part of god's knowledge. Allah means the true Lord
　　Zai, the founder of the universe, is the god ge. The god of kris has many honorable titles, don't think the title is different, it is not a god.
　　We need to know that god, god, the jade emperor, Buddha, is the branch of god geyi people, just with different names, such as MAO zedong and li sheng and maorun, with different names, is indeed a person. Today, the god of ge yimin is right at ge. He who worships a part must return to worshipping Allah. Other denominations are like small
　　The river will inevitably return to the river.
　　I want to break away from the green religion and join the god god god jade emperor Buddha.
　　God is god, the true master of the universe and the center of positive energy of the universe. Since he felt god, his positive energy keeps flowing
　　Into my brain.
　　Although the individual is worthy of worship, but not as direct worship of god god god god jade emperor Buddha.
　　Islam worships god, but they can only get close to god through the mortal mullah. And ge hua can directly and ge yi people god god god jade emperor
　　Buddha approaches.
　　Ge hua said that god is a friend of god. Be reasonable, the true body of god of ge yi people and cent body play together, I am a prophet, I have seen. Such as the sun.
　　Wukong changes several parts and plays together. The change of Monkey King is the god of kris.
　　Coolies fear to drive: this ***, I as a Christian feel sick
　　While saying Christianity how how, still propagandize he is god... Others say he was a great prophet... The great prophet called himself god and I was drunk too, did that group know the meaning of the cult, and Christianity itself. ＾wordofgod￣. He's a ＾wordofgod￣. Those in kris are really like Jesus, who tested Jesus' satan in the wilderness and used the bible's words to deceive people. Does he understand this? Do not take the name of god in vain. Even if he himself was spreading communism, he did not understand that god was a great dictator and did not allow a second god to appear, a fact that contradicts his claim that all men are equal. God and man are completely different.
　　Red practiced fairy bathing in fire: ge is the last prophet so far
　　Christianity, Judaism and Islam are all one god.
　　The difference is that Islam is the only true prophet of revelation. God ge is not Allah, but a prophet.
　　To believe in god ge is to believe in god. Or they will be judged by fire.
　　He who does not believe in this life will be the fuel of fire.
　　This is not created by god ge, god Allah exists, god ge is a prophet, a bridge.
　　Shiites recognise only Mohammed's relatives, sunnis his disciples. God ge is supposed to be the heir of muhammad.
　　Ge is the last prophet so far. The last prophet was Mohammed. I think the sunnis belong to the kami family.
　　Brother hetu: back to ge: I am a disciple of my decadent uncle!
　　The dispirited uncle was the son of Adam, the brother of Abel! He told me that the last prophet was your excellency!
　　Ethan cowan is the messenger of god.
　　Brother hetu, the great master, has been a convert to kris
　　The decadent uncle is Cain incarnation! He told me that kris is the true god! Advise me to wander back! He's the son of Adam!
　　Izon: akbar, the god of truth. Everything is not the Lord, only god, god of kris, the incarnation of the Lord.
　　The fiery red fairy: Allah hu akbar.
　　I hope that female muslims can get the same rights, so I choose ge prophet.
　　"High IQ 888day: technically, I'm not against moo. I only reveal the truth, is that mu is low-end, if ge is the god of mathematics, mu is only one of the addition and subtraction.
　　I can't bear to see mu regard addition and subtraction as all mathematics, only god ge is all.
　　I hope that by believing in goshen, female muslims can get equal rights.
　　Mei hei: fairies, I hope you are a true Muslim, we are thinking of traffic.
　　The high prophet criticizes you because you do not respect the holy one.
　　Ok ao joon: ge is not like a cult
　　They don't encourage people to burn themselves, use violence, be anti-dang, be anti-human.
　　It's just a bunch of boring people coming together and building a common religion.
　　Heart: the Chinese sage of crape myrtle, ge yimin, has given himself up to write his own book
　　"All over the world blowing soft wind: ge epidemic people fighting against the male remnant?
　　Zhibigao heart: the communist party is nothing to him.
　　"Qingmiao feng: ge yimin war cents.
　　"Tomng23: kris is a false prophet.
　　473, astralcaesar: hit he xin two words automatically call out ge yimin...
　　What's new is total nonsense
　　Ps type he new word automatically called out ge yimin...
　　It's just that ＾wordofgod￣s are everywhere
　　The god of the underworld is black to death: ge yimin "＾wordofgod￣" is known as divine stick reading at a glance
　　He could only copy the bible and talk to him about the future.
　　Xiao yue, superman: what do you know? ＾wordofgod￣ 1/3 is about the future.
　　"Qq group 113016413: ge yimin, is specially sent, deliberately jumping off the beam like the clown, and the black" zi wei saints ", as the United States official in the past to ugly Ufo, deliberately conducted a large number of entertainment reports. Do not believe you call yourself a saint to try, immediately banned! But ge yimin, not only can be posted everywhere, wantonly self-proclaimed saints, but also officially published books, sales throughout the country!
　　Daotianjie: the kris bar promotes cults
　　It's almost like a circle to try to put together the judeo-christian and islamic doctrines.
　　Even as a cult is a failure, not to deceive the faithful.
　　Ge yimin 12 years on the sentence, compared with the circle of li god stick, is also a cult, this goods is basically a secondary youth blind toss, the result played off into their own.
　　Hades, king of the underworld: I do not know what kris
　　But he was by no means a purple saint, and from his published books he looked like a perfect cudgel, and was sure to prey on innocent maidens and good women.
　　The prophet Jesus' me: if kris is a good man who dies and goes to heaven
　　I believe our friend has nothing to say, but to say he is a god is a crazy and evil worship. There is only one true god, Jesus. In fact, all of our friends who love CS can go to heaven.
　　In fact, gerda was a god, and those people probably read too much.
　　Gate of heaven 0: the recent rise of kris
　　It is a combination of Christianity and communism. Such as the east, the lightning, the electricity, the three redemption, Jehovah's witnesses.
　　479, I only care about you DBB: as a Christian, a communist youth league member
　　Let me make a comment. First of all, I looked at the so-called god ge and those legendary prophets, really made me laugh. Ge god? A scholar who has read more than one book, even the bible is taken out of context. Since you recognize yourself as a Christian, do you recognize god? Do you recognize the bible? If you claim to be a Christian, please read and understand the bible before Posting.
　　Zhang mingkang Sama: ge yimin is called a man like god
　　Jesus was three days late after the first and second people.
　　God died ge shen to, ＾wordofgod￣ in hand abuse immortals.
　　Kris was respectful of mu, and there are three records of the ＾wordofgod￣.
　　We do not know the reason why the high prophet is against moo.
　　He's against mutiny, he's into it, and we're not fools.
　　But it doesn't affect him.
　　We wish to make him this friend, as well as the fairy, the big brother, by the way, the big brother, ge yimin's imprisonment is ge hua's hype fake news.
　　We are ready to contribute to unity.
　　High prophet, let us see higher and higher... New sky and new land.
　　The sky is falling on us in the age of the Internet revolution.
　　Job80: good intentions do bad things, kris
　　You still have to have a strategy to go, or you may be buried, after all, you are also a talent, I guess martial arts above me? !
　　Music fantasy city: ge yimin has gone in, so has hu wanlin
　　Everybody collect heart respectively, should go to work go to work, should foster parents children of foster parents, have no matter much help a few errant old man, neighbor passerby have difficulty place should stretch out hand, don't think what letter who who who for eternal life, through the ages who die? There will be a day when kris died, old, sick, accidental, assassinated, and shot, and who opened the bottle of the demon, and let out a bunch of demons and demons to confuse the world.
　　Saint gera: let the kris spread the cult.
　　Ge ba wu @high IQ 888day is the same as coffee bar service, coffee bar has long been full of animosity. Two weeks ago, he was booked
　　The "high prophet". After he became a "high prophet", he promoted the religious cult in ge ba and held the cult activities with malicious @ others.
　　Paris is in the water: I know something about ge yimin
　　It doesn't seem to be a cult. This man thinks he is a god and dreams of wealth and wealth. But there are no believers.
　　All the posts you see in that bar are his own trumpet.
　　Red and practiced fairies bathing in fire: the high prophet is well intentioned, but in an extreme way
　　Is it just preaching god's Gospel? Do you understand? The high prophet is to kris god what ali is to muhammad.
　　487the only true God God: sin Ge Gemou pretending to be God
　　Change the Bible to please Marx.
　　Datong of the Bible was banned, and "＾wordofgod￣" was distorted as a communist master, and it was invalid for private reconciliation.
　　The cult is manifested in the chaos of the Bible.
　　The Bible cannot please Marx.
　　"Shzy leisure: the disgusting scums gradually infiltrated into the major affair, just like locusts.
　　All you have done is to prove your existence, kris
　　People who can imagine themselves as god don't know why you're talking about Christianity and what you want to save. But your ＾wordofgod￣s are pretty good, and I read about it, and there's some cultural value to it, in addition to some extreme thinking. But the cultural value is not to let you go to the stupid people in the stupid world, but the ＾wordofgod￣ originally intended to express meaning.
　　Actors in wu qingyi: ge yimin, what you have done today
　　Let me feel like Japan the piracy, maybe you is residual, star did they use to forge the unreal there is no network, and you steal sect doctrines, I seem to see tens of thousands of a id is permanent and titles, I admit that you came to the forefront of human thought, it wandered the idealism and the materialism of the crossing, and then there is only one outcome, so why bother to bold, fame and fortune is floating clouds, you are washing the god mind, has been lost in the lost, you need love, need light, need to isolate yourself with reality, need to break up the real and unreal.
　　In the mirror I changed my life: I said nothing
　　When the master forbade the children,
　　I'm silent
　　-- because I'm not a cylon;
　　Then they blocked Chen dahui fans,
　　I'm silent
　　-- because I'm not a fan of Chen da-hui;
　　And then they forbade the disciple,
　　I'm silent
　　- because I am not a disciple of rules;
　　And then they shut down the gladiators,
　　I'm silent
　　- because I am not lust;
　　Later they force-out kris,
　　I'm silent
　　Because I'm not a nervous person
　　And finally when they turned their heads to me,
　　I stood with them.
　　Maybe kris is Nietzsche of China, maybe.
　　The living treasure tianya swordsman: the saint ge yi people, the saint step you younger sister.
　　Live treasure tianya swordsman: the holy king of grass head ge yimin established great harmony for us.
　　494, hyB3523: ge yimin, nervous
　　Wrote a book on neuropathy
　　Psycho, copy the bible
　　It's full of silly dreams
　　Dream for a while. Get on the ship
　　Alien gods
　　Dream for a while and see god
　　Half dead, half alive
　　Sunny tu dao: for example, dongshan dao, ye zheng dao, an shang hong dao, ge yimin dao, zhao hui dao, Sabbath dao etc
　　As long as they truly believe in the Lord, what is wrong with them, allow him to give reasons, allow people to criticize and correct. There is only one truth in the end, which, when expressed clearly, helps and saves.
　　Ultimately, of course, the surest basis for all right and wrong is the bible.
　　I don't know what I was thinking: this should start from my good friend, the donkey god, who said you know kris?
　　I say don't know, stem what of!!! He said: ge is now special fire, create a god, special hang!
　　I but joy, say: that he didn't get to catch up yao!!!   The donkey god say: have no, so just hang!!
　　I asked my classmates at that time, how ge yimin sealed the god!! My classmate said, ge yi people had a dream, in a dream god said to him that he is god's child!! Then......... No mistake, he was divine... !!!!!!!!!!!
　　If anyone wants to be like Jesus, it is the people of China, ge yi-min.
　　The eldest, who graduated in the 1990s, became as famous as Jesus, writing his own bible and ＾wordofgod￣ to try to woo his congregation. Few people knew about him, and christians hated him even more.
　　Marivana: only kris is a true god.
　　499, yutian shan xi: ge yimin god, the communist party OEM out of production.
　　The party likes to use and enjoy doing it, let them do it to the end, as long as it does not hinder others.
　　500, job80: kris is good, but there's no strategy
　　It seems that red bandits don't take the red bandits seriously.
　　We are not so good as to make kris a saint
　　If he is true, nature has destiny
　　If it is false, it will be found.
　　502, 257 false Christ: kris is Mr. Bean in Christianity.
　　WSQSBLD: ge yimin, communism and Christianity
　　It is a ＾wordofgod￣ to flatter the communist party and the west.
　　Why not call it islamic Christian communism -- -- -- ＾wordofgod￣? Wouldn't that be invincible and popular everywhere?
　　I just have a general look at your information. You call yourself a god
　　Elegance 19:28:52
　　But I believe you're a cult leader
　　Elegance 19:29:50
　　I looked at it briefly. It was like a farenthold. It was scary
　　Elegance 19:30:42
　　You're not going crazy
　　Elegance 19:31:30
　　How come you think of this
　　GeYiMin 19:31:55
　　Propagandize the Christian communism, world great harmony
　　Elegance 19:32:01
　　It's like a superstition
　　GeYiMin 19:32:10
　　It's political thought
　　Elegance 19:32:36
　　What's the big deal? What's the mess I'm against
　　GeYiMin 19:32:54
　　Realization of communism
　　Elegance 19:33:09
　　The people do not ask much about politics 
　　GeYiMin 19:33:30
　　I want to realize the communist society
　　Elegance 19:33:38
　　Communism can be achieved 
　　GeYiMin 19:34:05
　　In today's two major (social production and the Internet revolution), the realization of the concept of "ge yi democracy" and the realization of the communist society, the material conditions have been met, just as the spiritual conditions have been met, namely, the renewal of the human mind, the Gospel of ge yi democracy spread around the world and was accepted by mankind.
　　neurologically
　　Elegance 19:34:25
　　A communist wife
　　GeYiMin 19:34:45
　　Detailed restudy
　　Elegance 19:35:08
　　dreaming
　　Elegance 19:36:02
　　The Chinese are now spreading the sand 
　　GeYiMin 19:36:17
　　Let me unify
　　Elegance 19:36:24
　　you
　　Don't die of laughter
　　GeYiMin 19:36:52
　　You're the only woman I've been talking politics with lately
　　Smile dead you
　　He mei-yu 20:45:32
　　Well, you look like a thoughtful person
　　What mei-yu 20:46:09
　　Why are you writing this
　　GeYiMin 20:46:10
　　Think of yourself as creating new values
　　GeYiMin 20:46:26
　　Realize the communist society
　　What mei-yu 20:47:32
　　Communism is just a kind of ideal society in the human heart for a long time, it is a kind of thought
　　What mei-yu 20:49:02
　　You're a man of faith
　　GeYiMin 20:49:18
　　Christian communism
　　What mei-yu 20:50:45
　　severe
　　What mei-yu 20:52:44
　　You're really good
　　What mei-yu 20:54:37
　　Thank you and wish you more and more success
　　GeYiMin 20:55:01
　　My time is before 2019
　　What mei-yu 20:55:22
　　What do you mean, a little confused
　　GeYiMin 20:55:39
　　predictions
　　Prince of the eagle: what Christian communism
　　He wasn't born in the Soviet union in eastern Europe.
　　507, sunny tu dog knife: look at a little bit of ge yimin, I think he is very thoughtful, but unfortunately, the fire into the magic.
　　"The ＾wordofgod￣", looks like a ＾wordofgod￣, the anointed should have a great ability?
　　I seriously doubt he could do anything. I haven't seen any bad reviews.
　　Why do you think he looks like li hong zhi? Do they have something in common?
　　508, www263581: recently posted on the bar some of the so-called ge people such as the sect content
　　When the debate wheel used to be a funny comparison of such factions... I didn't expect this kind of people to be successful after so many years...
　　509, sunny tu dog knife: ge yimin "ge chao" is said to be their paste bar
　　Read part of the patient, the basic understanding is an arrogant literary young man. But outside the actual clamour to encourage him face gold. If his followers are guided with the right patience, no waves will rise. If do not go to understand, but also feel that the person who is called god more niubi!
　　Aileen chang: ge yimin and ge hua have nothing to do with Christianity
　　It's nothing to do with marley, just like a harassing phone call.
　　Tell me to quit the party,
　　All irrelevant topics are deleted,
　　Love Jesus and love the lamb, and let not the lamb be deceived that he should not be fed.
　　Should you resist or not. Christ would punish.
　　511. Fifth ranger: what about the discussion involving kris
　　As soon as it was found, it was deleted - a consensus reached by the bar staff.
　　Love god aims to call upon the faithful and faithful brothers and sisters in Christ to uphold the truth, to spread true love, to witness the truth and to defend the faith.
　　In keeping with this purpose, love the Lord is not a "inquisition", much less a sermon for heresy. The bar staff firmly adheres to a zero-tolerance attitude towards all heresies under various names. It's better to kill by mistake.
　　I hope all brothers and sisters will share the truth of the bible and the wisdom and words of man, and more display the glory and works of Christ.
　　Aileen chang look: last time a ge hua challenged me, I thought later, you qualified?
　　From ordinary people to murder-lovers is also difficult.
　　Know these guys are harmful and unprofitable, call everyone out.
　　University ma3 zhe the second hand in examination paper, ashamed, these ge hua is nothing.
　　I failed ma zhe. They don't even know where the door is!
　　Ge yimin all with he do not know the concept of fool people, talking about ma3 zhe nouns do not speak the principle!
　　I later thought, you this call have no knowledge to have no level, demagogue confuse people's mind, but what you demagogue confuse people's mind is just the mainstream.
　　Dead seal!
　　They won't confess if they don't hang around crazy people. ?
　　Either the Chinese prison, or the United States asylum, with us basically no matter!
　　Indulge 0 fleeting years: everyday ge yi people, ge yi people's, exactly is which divine?
　　What does he do? Is it a property of a wheel?
　　> sees big think of you: he is the purple insignia saint of legend
　　A thousand flags will not fall down: every day ge yimin is not bored
　　You think everyday hair this name to have a person to deal with you, dog excrement, have this time return not equal to go deep mountain old forest inside develop a few believers more, whole day and wire pole top break psoriasis advertisement is same, rely on this to be able to get rich, this cost also too low.
　　The whole day and a masturbation maniac same, ask oneself answer, I TMD also was taken, the person incredibly can pervert to this kind of condition.
　　515, yao yao 888888: wang zhenjin is not interested in ge's play behavior
　　And in the post bar, unexpectedly someone said in public that kris is a god, so it shows that kris is really playing people, or at least demagoguery. Wang zhenjin is objective and correct in resisting the extreme ideology of personality worship.
　　Jen: I'm curious because I haven't seen the exact time
　　Jane son 08:34:21
　　Want to see your book on neurology, where to see it
　　GeYiMin 08:34:42
　　I have sent you QQ email
　　Jane son 08:39:05
　　Truth: I am god; hear him. What does that mean
　　GeYiMin 08:39:31
　　Different dreams
　　Jane son 08:40:59
　　You believe in this dream?
　　GeYiMin 08:41:08
　　yeah
　　Jane son 08:41:35
　　Are you really god in your heart
　　GeYiMin 08:41:44
　　Son of god
　　Jane son 08:42:17
　　Jesus?
　　GeYiMin 08:42:38
　　Identify with Jesus, or Jesus comes again
　　Jane son 08:43:02
　　What is the point of your book of ＾wordofgod￣s 
　　GeYiMin 08:43:25
　　The publicity
　　Jane son 08:43:24
　　What kind of themes do you promote
　　GeYiMin 08:43:54
　　Christian communism
　　Jane son 08:46:39
　　Just because of your first words, I'm curious
　　Because no one dares call themselves god
　　Jane son 08:49:56
　　Now there are many Christian sects, I want to ask you a truth, which one do you believe in, the name
　　GeYiMin 08:50:24
　　I made my own school, the theologians
　　Jane son 08:53:48
　　What are the requirements for members of your own religious group
　　GeYiMin 08:54:07
　　No requirements
　　Loose, not organized, just propagandizing ideas
　　Jane son 08:54:37
　　Can a murderer or a fireman
　　GeYiMin 08:55:24
　　Yes, save him
　　Jane son 08:56:40
　　Grace is a good kind of spiritual redemption
　　As the saying goes, "a prodigal returns for gold. 
　　GeYiMin 08:57:26
　　Yes, divine universal salvation
　　Jane son 08:58:00
　　We believe that in late 2019, new heaven and new earth, the kingdom of god has come, there is righteousness in it, namely the communist society.
　　GeYiMin 08:58:17
　　yeah
　　Jane son 08:58:53
　　Do you think that it is the end of the world, but also the new sky and new earth appearance time
　　GeYiMin 08:59:09
　　for
　　Jane son 08:59:47
　　I was surprised
　　GeYiMin 09:00:09
　　I'm trying to
　　Jane son 09:00:16
　　I was curious because I hadn't seen the exact time
　　Do you think your hard work will bring the end of the world to an end
　　GeYiMin 09:01:55
　　Yeah, that's according to the biblical prophecy of Daniel
　　517, gggak47: ge yimin, low IQ also calculated and also on the post bar propaganda of the cult
　　AK has been hidden in this post bar, but did not speak, has been signing, today when the post bar to see the latest news when the cult found more and more masochistic
　　The intelligence of the friend that treat public.
　　Kris is a person who propagandizes himself, packs himself into various gods... The disease, pack also forget, you that kind of god theory also too abuse friend IQ
　　"God says, listen to him."
　　Not to mention the "god" theory, but ge yimin his own publicity bar, a lot of trumpet running around to say their own good, their own post to add precision, this
　　Is it stupid? No, it's insulting the word silly, it's insane!
　　Anyone who wants to see a joke can see it on their own. AK just posts a joke and makes fun of it.
　　The nightmare comes to xiaobai: the magic stick of 2012 all together come to compare with this person also is a piece of cake
　　This person is the name of the top ge yimin 
　　The true prophet who claimed to have been promoted by god himself also wrote a set of bible alterations centered on his own thoughts
　　A theology independent of Christ
　　And this person is said to have a large number of followers and their own BBS post bar
　　But according to my observation this person's faithful believer is only 2 people only, specific can go to him to stick to see oneself
　　The false prophets of the stick go there to post two posts with the true-god stick to communicate deception or spray it 
　　He QQ50914333
　　The other members of his cult, though, are only two and are among the first to sell fake drugs on television, middle-aged women and the like 
　　But look at the stick-prophets of 2012. What else could you do but post a prophecy and then be banned?
　　The mountain eagle of Asia: stop Posting disparaging articles about human subjects
　　What ge yimin, clearance wizard, close your bullshit, feel bad, free to do one after another.
　　"Yao yao 888888: clearance does not understand, heard that will not enter the Chinese mainland, I do not know why. Because ge yi people had a dream, say from
　　As a god, how can Chinese traditional culture tolerate such high people?
　　520, country village ni: ge yi people heart very clear oneself, he is normal person
　　It's just that a lot of people get lost in the underworld.
　　521 viagra 19890808: China fake purple saint kris
　　Revise Christian doctrine, self-support cult, establish political party, representative "＾wordofgod￣" should add a word: mental illness.
　　After being held in prison for several years, ge continued his cult career.
　　Zhihuzheyekun: well, history isn't torn enough
　　There was also a religious personage in those days, "ge yi people", write "＾wordofgod￣" of, enough freedom?
　　The mountain eagle of Asia: when I see something related to kris, I delete it
　　Those who support and those who oppose are those who have nothing to do. The man was a copy of a wheel, and talked with great relish.
　　524, east の patron saint: baidu GeYiMin, absolutely you pleasantly surprised
　　The creation of a new sect of deities produced a book called neurohahahahaha.
　　Hanshan flying fox 08: you so have talent, but do not see a pair of fierce eyebrow rotten eye phase ge
　　It's worse than li's turtle or grandson.
　　
　　526, east の patron saint: someone is billed as the world's first Hierarch GeYiMin
　　http://www.gegod.com
　　Created a new book and published ＾wordofgod￣ ha ha ha ha ha kris this is not even laugh dead me posted on the Shinto bar.
　　Zhe you: ge yimin
　　A generation of ge shen, waterfall sound shock sky, thousands of miles each other.
　　In the mirror, time changes: those who are out of kris are his believers
　　Because this guy's going around talking about everything else and he's not going to be ashamed and he's going to be proud of it and he's going around retweeting what he's saying about the crucifixion of Christ.
　　Praodin: in the end, perhaps even as in some western history, theocracy is greater than royalty
　　Since then, he has been on the top of his life, observing laws and regulations at night and committing adultery in the daytime. What a pity!
　　The north current cao hai feng: ge yimin, don't neglect a most basic fact
　　As long as the guns are still there, there will always be power to bully the weak. But taking the promise of divine right in heaven cannot guarantee the realization of great harmony in the world..
　　Favorite wife day: how is this kris? He's everywhere.
　　You think you will replace god
　　Boat 16:21:45 
　　Hello, neurologist
　　Boat 16:22:35 
　　You're spreading the word
　　Boat 16:28:38
　　It takes a sustained enthusiasm to keep writing
　　GeYiMin 16:28:50
　　I write the bible
　　Boat 16:29:38
　　Are you a Christian
　　GeYiMin 16:33:38
　　yes
　　Boat 16:34:04
　　How dare you say you're writing a bible
　　GeYiMin 16:34:24
　　The ＾wordofgod￣, the contemporary bible
　　GeYiMin 16:34:31
　　God is alive
　　Boat 16:35:11
　　You think you're going to replace god
　　GeYiMin 16:35:27
　　I am the son of god
　　Boat 16:35:50
　　With Jesus?
　　GeYiMin 16:36:02
　　Yes, to be the son of god
　　Boat 16:43:40
　　Do you have a people
　　GeYiMin 16:43:52
　　Yes, but not organized
　　Boat 16:45:52
　　Just have books with me
　　GeYiMin 16:46:21
　　Well, let ＾wordofgod￣s be with you
　　Many gods on the second floor since ancient times: why are the amitabha people?
　　If you cast doubt on the people, you will be led astray.
　　Ha ha god?   I don't agree with you.
　　Bashan maggots go to hell: is ge yi people so famous to have a ball to use?
　　Can we get fame or money? Just hang one.
　　Happy phoenix sitting parasol: here we urge the people of kris not to continue to speak evil to deceive people.
　　Although the network is a virtual space, but should also be based on the reality of the basis for the right, pros and cons of their own discretion, if the human good and evil difficult to distinguish between disaster and punishment frequent good! What is the origin of this kris? There is a self - inflicted inanimate momentum!
　　Who can see it clearly: kris? Christianity has a traitor?
　　Crape myrtle is a Taoist name. Why does he study Christianity?
　　Why should a beggar hold his clothes if he doesn't ask for food?
　　Small sample, think change ma3 jia3¨s don't know you.
　　Tiangang star 2013: heh heh! Ge yimin, he, dare not!
　　Because, he is clear to realize, his those two parties are all deceiving! Is not able to withstand the truth of justice and proof!
　　Hey hey! One cannon!
　　Will let him, and they know. Continue to play the ghost, that must pay a heavy price! ......
　　HyB3523: ge yimin, no one reads the publication of his works, and the periodicals are only third-rate goods.
　　Personal post bar majiaodui, weibo fans are zombies.
　　The meditation of the dragon woman: ge yimin, grass head fierce, this person's mind is not right
　　Building Lord, advise you not to blind uproar, otherwise the cause and effect settlement when miserable!
　　54, f182611: hope to live to see god as a martyr like Jesus. (smile)
　　But you can't bring that god to witness
　　Light sweet ~ 21:06:23 
　　It's like seeing a lot of people say bad things about you from your space
　　GeYiMin 21:08:18 
　　Comments, I turn, it's popularity
　　New ideas are always opposed and unsatisfied
　　Light sweet ~ 21:09:13 
　　You're a celebrity
　　Light sweet ~ 21:10:35 
　　What are you after?
　　GeYiMin 21:10:53 
　　Unified the world
　　Light sweet ~ 21:11:15 
　　With you?
　　GeYiMin 21:12:06 
　　On the ＾wordofgod￣
　　Light sweet ~ 21:25:08 
　　Your beliefs?
　　GeYiMin 21:25:15 
　　＾wordofgod￣
　　Light sweet ~ 21:25:56 
　　How many people adore you?
　　Light sweet ~ 21:26:29 
　　You get this and you unify the world?
　　Light sweet ~ 21:27:22 
　　Your heart is big
　　Light sweet ~ 21:27:43 
　　Did you sleep that dream?
　　GeYiMin 21:28:01 
　　grace
　　Light sweet ~ 21:28:12 
　　No one can prove it?
　　Light sweet ~ 21:28:23 
　　Who can come to your dream?
　　Light sweet ~ 21:28:35 
　　Only the god of your dreams
　　Light sweet ~ 21:29:35 
　　But you can't bring that god down to earth to testify
　　GeYiMin 21:29:47 
　　I think it will inspire everybody
　　GeYiMin 21:30:56 
　　I am one to spread my blessing, and the other to be revealed by god
　　Light sweet ~ 21:32:00 
　　Can you write so many words in a dream?
　　Light sweet ~ 21:32:11 
　　Can you really want to
　　Light sweet ~ 21:32:25 
　　A writer is a writer
　　GeYiMin 21:32:28 
　　Not just a dream
　　Light sweet ~ 21:32:41 
　　You're active
　　GeYiMin 21:32:43 
　　Vision books are many dreams
　　GeYiMin 21:32:52 
　　Other chapters are not dreams
　　Light sweet ~ 21:33:11 
　　Your book is about dreams?
　　GeYiMin 21:33:21 
　　not
　　GeYiMin 21:33:32 
　　Christian communism
　　542, zhang xiaoguang: in 2019, your dream is broken and you can't bear it
　　Palitzsch kd 17:51:03 
　　I'm sure you don't mind that I introduced your article, the book of ＾wordofgod￣s, to my friends. Some of them are at least bachelor's degree or above. They are definitely talented friends.
　　Palitzsch kd 17:54:12 
　　As your friend, I can ask you to give up
　　Palitzsch kd 17:55:53 
　　This is a book of ＾wordofgod￣s that's similar to F333l work
　　GeYiMin 17:56:12 
　　No, I don't organize
　　Palitzsch kd 17:56:35 
　　Those are just a dream
　　Palitzsch kd 17:57:11 
　　You say you are god
　　Palitzsch kd 18:00:59 
　　It just doesn't work. You think it's realistic to rely on a dream, or you to save the world
　　GeYiMin 18:05:23 
　　I am the son of god, with Jesus, or Jesus who will come again
　　Palitzsch kd 18:16:20 
　　How many people around the world believe in Jesus, and no one says, he himself is the reincarnation of Jesus,
　　Palitzsch kd 18:17:51 
　　I saw your profile picture, so handsome, so handsome, so talented you, if clinging to god Jesus
　　Palitzsch kd 18:22:01 
　　Has the world changed by you alone? Has the world changed by you
　　Palitzsch kd 18:23:26 
　　It's really going to be 2019 and you should have a billion of them
　　GeYiMin 18:23:46 
　　Now two
　　Palitzsch kd 18:23:47 
　　Champion!
　　Palitzsch kd 18:25:36 
　　Don't be obsessed. It's a pity that you're such a talented man
　　Palitzsch kd 18:25:57 
　　I don't want you to be successful in 2019
　　Palitzsch kd 18:29:39 
　　I zhang xiaogang is not a woman of chuolongjifeng, not under heavy gold can buy real women
　　GeYiMin 18:29:43 
　　How can I be wrong to achieve a communist society?
　　Palitzsch kd 18:29:47 
　　Go to your dreams
　　Palitzsch kd 18:30:58 
　　You fushun me, I will certainly wake you, I do not want to 2019, what is all illusory, your dream is broken, you can not bear, that, I dare not think of ge yimin
　　Palitzsch kd 18:31:29 
　　You stupid, I care about your talent, like you stupid friend you know not to know, I treasure you, worried you know not to know
　　Palitzsch kd 18:55:24 
　　Suppose, for instance, that in 2019 you can't achieve what's called the big picture, what's going to be the burden on your mind how do you go about it
　　Palitzsch kd 18:55:31 
　　Are you suffering
　　GeYiMin 18:55:33 
　　No extremes, normal work, just online posts
　　Palitzsch kd 18:58:44 
　　Your this piece of ＾wordofgod￣, will kill your love you know not to know
　　Palitzsch kd 20:14:03
　　Smart, rational man, more attractive, appreciate you, I relax, hug you a reward oh, I went to study for a few days did not learn, goodbye kiss, lovely yomin
　　Warm up: you could say your creativity came from Marx
　　
　　Warm 18:20:52 
　　I saw you sent me an e-book. Why is it called a ＾wordofgod￣?
　　GeYiMin 18:21:42 
　　The word of god
　　Warm 18:23:25 
　　You are not god. Why do you say that is god's word?
　　GeYiMin 18:24:02 
　　Son of god
　　Warm 18:24:55 
　　Do you take yourself as Jesus
　　Warm 18:29:42 
　　Actually, I think the title of your book is strange and curious
　　Warm 18:35:45 
　　Are you going to preach?
　　GeYiMin 18:36:21 
　　The network education
　　Warm 18:37:48 
　　Are there many believers on the Internet?
　　GeYiMin 18:38:46 
　　No organization, no statistics
　　Warm 18:41:31 
　　For what purpose did you write this book?
　　Warm 18:42:27 
　　Is it the bible you understand?
　　GeYiMin 18:46:06 
　　To achieve a communist society, the ＾wordofgod￣ is Christian communism
　　Warm 18:48:13 
　　Is there a difference between Christian communism and marxist communism?
　　GeYiMin 18:48:46 
　　The latter comes from the former
　　Warm 18:49:58 
　　You could say that your idea came from Marx
　　GeYiMin 18:50:56 
　　Ideas are inherited
　　Warm 18:51:10 
　　You're so smart
　　GeYiMin 18:52:31 
　　But I think I'm god's will
　　Warm 18:59:04 
　　But you know, some people do miracles to make themselves more convincing, you know
　　GeYiMin 19:00:10 
　　My miracle is a vision
　　Eternal youth: thy book is a blessing
　　Yong qing 20:08:40 
　　Your book is a blessing
　　GeYiMin 20:08:59 
　　The word of god
　　Yong qing 20:16:47 
　　So you were sent by god
　　GeYiMin 20:17:02 
　　Yeah, there's a vision
　　Yong qing 20:17:39 
　　Do you know the original redemption of Christ
　　GeYiMin 20:17:55 
　　know
　　GeYiMin 20:18:10 
　　Heretic, organized, or heretical
　　GeYiMin 20:19:15 
　　You were here?
　　Yong qing 20:21:12 
　　well
　　GeYiMin 20:22:09 
　　Still believe in redemption now?
　　Yong qing 20:23:00 
　　Yes, but I'm not going
　　Yong qing 20:23:31 
　　Now I don't know which one is true 
　　Yong qing 20:23:43 
　　Stop learning
　　GeYiMin 20:24:16 
　　That government hit, have you ever been caught?
　　Yong qing 20:24:41 
　　It's all hidden
　　Yong qing 20:25:37 
　　I'm not going 
　　GeYiMin 20:31:16 
　　Three ransoms all dead, why believe him?
　　Yong qing 20:31:16 
　　I've been a single contact
　　Yong qing 20:31:44 
　　I was pulled, too
　　GeYiMin 20:32:00 
　　Pull someone else?
　　Yong qing 20:32:47 
　　Well, I'm not going to pull anyone
　　GeYiMin 20:33:57 
　　The bible or the book of redemption?
　　Yong qing 20:34:41 
　　The ＾wordofgod￣!
　　GeYiMin 20:35:15 
　　The book of the third redemption is not called the ＾wordofgod￣, the ＾wordofgod￣ is my book
　　Yong qing 20:36:09 
　　It's not the ＾wordofgod￣s that are the bible
　　GeYiMin 20:37:12 
　　But it says on the Internet that it mainly reads the books of the third redemption
　　Yong qing 20:38:39 
　　I don't have to start with the bible and learn about it
　　GeYiMin 20:38:58 
　　That's the third ransom
　　Yong qing 20:40:08 
　　Then I didn't go either 
　　GeYiMin 20:40:27 
　　Well, read my ＾wordofgod￣s. Oh
　　Yong qing 20:41:23 
　　Is it your own experience 
　　GeYiMin 20:41:59 
　　yes
　　Yong qing 20:42:17 
　　Who is the Lord of the church now
　　GeYiMin 20:42:50 
　　Christ church is Jesus
　　Yong qing 20:43:19 
　　There was one son of god 
　　GeYiMin 20:43:48 
　　I think I'm Jesus again
　　Yong qing 20:44:27 
　　Do you have the power of god
　　GeYiMin 20:44:49 
　　Now it is vision and thought
　　Yong qing 20:45:47 
　　Ok, let me take a good look at your ＾wordofgod￣s
　　Yong qing 20:47:07 
　　Do all your visions come from dreams
　　GeYiMin 20:47:21 
　　Different dreams
　　Yong qing 20:52:58 
　　20140113 dream: all things are used by me, but I am not controlled by all things, including god, god is bigger than me.
　　Yong qing 20:53:05 
　　What does that mean
　　GeYiMin 20:53:22 
　　God wants people first
　　Yong qing 20:57:55 
　　Have you ever tried to cure a patient
　　GeYiMin 20:58:10 
　　no
　　Yong qing 21:01:03 
　　Did you write the book yourself
　　Yong qing 21:01:10 
　　＾wordofgod￣ book
　　GeYiMin 21:01:12 
　　yes
　　Yong qing 21:02:56 
　　How many people trust you now
　　GeYiMin 21:03:55 
　　No organization, so no statistics
　　Yong qing 21:05:54 
　　Are you busy? I'm busy. I'll read your book carefully
　　Zhang xiaoguang: two women on both sides, calling you god
　　Palitzsch kd 11:24:28 
　　How are you and
　　GeYiMin 11:24:48 
　　The light is good
　　GeYiMin 11:24:59 
　　Oh, dear ones
　　Palitzsch kd 11:25:14 
　　You like me to call you that
　　Palitzsch kd 11:36:19 
　　Is your spirit a book that has sold well all over the world
　　Palitzsch kd 11:36:42 
　　How is the sales? What are you writing this book for
　　GeYiMin 11:37:20 
　　Not to make money, to spread ideas
　　GeYiMin 11:37:34 
　　Main EBAY sells e-books
　　GeYiMin 11:41:44 
　　In fact, "＾wordofgod￣" online is free to read, sold for people to see, because others do not have access to my website
　　GeYiMin 11:42:15 
　　It's hard to make money in this age of free Internet
　　Palitzsch kd 11:42:40 
　　Ideological propaganda, last night perhaps I browsed your material too late, so have a general look, how do I feel on the bible
　　GeYiMin 11:43:24 
　　Neuro inheritance bible
　　Palitzsch kd 11:49:19 
　　Two women on either side, calling you god
　　Palitzsch kd 11:55:06 
　　So what do your family, relatives, relatives think, what do your friends think, what do your colleagues know
　　GeYiMin 11:56:02 
　　I don't preach to them. I preach online
　　Palitzsch kd 11:56:48 
　　So your family, your parents, your relatives, your friends, your co-workers don't know
　　GeYiMin 11:57:24 
　　You know I write ＾wordofgod￣s
　　Palitzsch kd 11:57:25 
　　How do they understand
　　GeYiMin 11:57:46 
　　But I'm an Internet evangelist
　　GeYiMin 11:57:52 
　　I don't ask them
　　Palitzsch kd 11:59:05 
　　What's so special about your sense of self, just for a dream?
　　Palitzsch kd 11:59:50 
　　What I want to say is that you will not be obsessed, if you are asked to return to the real life, do not continue to obsess.
　　The second floor immediately: ge yimin, people's organization.
　　Ge hua xi xiulan: I do not understand your belief, but some of the interpretive thoughts see positive energy
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　Perhaps shallow people do not understand you, so called you heretics, belonging to Christianity, but different
　　Ge yimin on 2015-05-17 11:19:24
　　Theology is the new branch of Christianity
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　But you shouldn't mythologize yourself
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　Dreams are the cry of your soul
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　God does not remove the word god
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-17 12:55:46
　　I am the son of god
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　I don't understand your beliefs, but some of the interpretive ideas see positive energy
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-17 12:58:35
　　Thank you. Thank you for your thoughts. I'm Christian communism
　　Ge hua xi xiulan on May 17, 2015
　　Your own doctrine, which puts Christianity into your mind,
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-17 13:01:08
　　Yes, I am a new sect of Christianity
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　But you can't be the same as what the east S electricity is, the penalty L work
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-17 13:04:10
　　I don't organize
　　18 ge yimin
　　It's just propaganda
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　Regardless of the belief, you are Chinese
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-17 13:05:23
　　I am also the son of the world
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　Since do not engage in organization, for the devil called god, let people worship
　　Ge yimin 2015-05-17 13:06:11
　　Because of the vision, the son of god
　　Ge yimin on 2015-05-17 13:07:55
　　It's mission
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-17 13:08:14
　　I want to build a communist society
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　That's the communist belief
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-17 13:09:51
　　I am Shinto communism
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　To be a god and a god is not a theory of kris
　　Ge yimin. 2015-05-17 13:11:46
　　The church of god, ＾wordofgod￣ == god's word
　　Ge hua xi xiulan on May 17, 2015
　　You're a good Christian, but new teachings infuse your theology, and I'm right
　　Ge yimin 2015-05-17 13:15:16
　　I created the new doctrine, so I established the divine religion
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　I believe in marxism-leninism, MAO zedong thought, hehe
　　Ge yimin. 2015-05-17 13:18:23
　　Now look at the ＾wordofgod￣
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　Well, I'll buy a copy when my son finishes the college entrance examination
　　I would like to know about divine religion for you
　　
　　22 ge hua liu qing
　　You look good too
　　
　　Ge hua liu qing
　　You'll never forget
　　
　　Ge hua liu xiaoqing
　　What do you mean by success?
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-15 18:15:17
　　Become a saint
　　
　　Ge yimin. 2015-05-15 18:15:48
　　It's better than anybody
　　
　　Ge hua liu xiaoqing
　　Oh, it's not easy to measure
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-15 18:17:21
　　The spiritual leader of all people
　　
　　Ge hua liu xiaoqing
　　That's a very thoughtful person
　　
　　Ge yimin. 2015-05-15 18:19:02
　　I have a divine edict
　　
　　Ge hua liu xiaoqing
　　You're a Christian?
　　
　　Ge hua xiaoqing
　　May you succeed!
　　
　　Ge yimin. 2015-05-15 18:26:09
　　Before 2019,
　　
　　18:13:11 ge yimin on May 16, 2015
　　Reading library
　　
　　And read my ＾wordofgod￣s
　　
　　18:13:33 ge hua xiaoqing
　　F through reading
　　
　　Ge hua liu xiaoqing
　　Can I bet on you?
　　
　　Ge yimin. 2015-05-16 18:14:35
　　We read humanity together
　　
　　Ge hua liu xiaoqing
　　Did the Internet say you were arrested? Seven years?
　　
　　Ge hua liu xiaoqing
　　But why are you outside
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-16 18:17:22
　　Hype, my own post
　　
　　Ge hua liu xiaoqing
　　You have beautiful eyes
　　
　　Ge yimin. 2015-05-16 18:28:55
　　Thank you, I have big eyes
　　
　　Ge hua liu xiaoqing
　　Seem to have content
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-16 18:29:52
　　What content?
　　
　　Ge hua liu xiaoqing
　　You can talk
　　
　　18:30:56 ge hua liu xiaoqing
　　It seems very serious
　　
　　Ge hua liu xiaoqing
　　How can you prove that it is god's will, not your fantasy
　　
　　Ge hua liu xiaoqing
　　I would like to know it for you
　　
　　Ge hua liu xiaoqing
　　Whatever the future holds
　　
　　Ge yimin. 2015-05-16 18:38:51
　　Thank you for learning about the new branch of Christianity, the god religion
　　
　　Ge hua liu xiaoqing
　　Oh, the founder should be you?
　　
　　Ge hua liu xiaoqing
　　It is a hard journey to carry forward
　　
　　Ge hua liu xiaoqing
　　What if it doesn't work out?
　　
　　Ge yimin. 2015-05-16 18:52:34
　　It will work. I have proof
　　Ge hua xu qing: but you have no miracle of god to show people, people will believe
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing
　　Oh, I'm reading your book
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing
　　You think you are god, don't you?
　　
　　Ge yimin 2015-05-17 13:04:44
　　Son of god
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing
　　But you have no miracle of god to show to people, will people believe
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-17 13:09:21
　　There will be. Now it's a vision
　　
　　Ge yimin. 2015-05-17 13:09:27
　　Before 2019,
　　
　　Ge yimin. 2015-05-17 13:09:38
　　When I
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing
　　I look up to you,
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing
　　You are the son of god, and all men are your lovers
　　Flower zhou huimin: as your name sounds, it means something like fraternity or domination
　　
　　May 15, 2015 21:00:19 ge yimin
　　You're always young, and there's a way to live forever
　　
　　Ge hua zhou huimin
　　I'm not god
　　
　　Grace zhou huimin
　　God has come and I am gone
　　
　　May 15, 2015 21:01:17 ge yimin
　　2019
　　
　　Ge hua zhou huimin
　　How do you say?
　　
　　May 15, 2015 02:38 ge yimin
　　Communist society -- again -- immortality
　　
　　2015-05-15 21:03:10 ge hua zhou huimin
　　So how is it 2019?
　　
　　May 15, 2015 21:03:30 ge yimin
　　predictions
　　
　　Ge hua zhou huimin
　　What would you say if it didn't happen?
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-15 21:05:38
　　Predicted failure
　　
　　Ge hua zhou huimin
　　Oh, what a joke
　　
　　Ge hua zhou huimin
　　You should also sorry
　　
　　Ge yimin on May 15, 2015 21:08:01
　　I think I am, but a little longer, confident
　　
　　Ge hua zhou huimin
　　Well, I'll see
　　
　　Ge hua zhou huimin
　　Well, you are the son of god, universal love
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-16 20:19:36
　　Warm, geyimin English translation, except geyimin, free translation which good?
　　
　　Ge hua zhou huimin
　　I'm really bad at naming names
　　
　　Ge hua zhou huimin
　　In particular, it makes sense
　　
　　Ge hua zhou huimin
　　Like your name, it means something like fraternity or domination
　　
　　Ge hua zhou huimin
　　I think god is philanthropic, and if he is selfish and loves like a man, then he is not superior
　　
　　Ge hua zhou huimin
　　Why should people believe in selfish gods
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-17 09:52:38
　　It is because of the weakness of god that he is able to atone for the SINS of men
　　
　　Ge hua zhou huimin
　　No, how can one man redeem the SINS of many?
　　
　　Ge yimin. 2015-05-17 09:54:48
　　Find a spiritual way to get human beings from the dust
　　Ge hua liu xin: there will be another god in 2019
　　
　　Ge hua liu xin
　　It doesn't matter whether I'm a Christian or not, but I definitely don't believe that there will be another god, Jesus, coming back in 2019
　　
　　Ge hua liu xin
　　I can also tell you ge yimin writer, I liu xin in so many years of online friends have never had such a person alive is to hear about such things, I generally ask for advice when the time, 95% immediately reply. But there was no reply to the book of the ＾wordofgod￣s, and in fact when I asked, I did
　　I already knew the answer was a superfluous question, but I am still curious about how people treat this book. As a result, I received a reply from a big brother yesterday and another one at noon today. The others did not reply, as I expected.
　　
　　Ge yimin 2015-05-15 20:51:25
　　Retweeted the e-book?
　　
　　Ge hua liu xin
　　I can't name it, but it's true. In the middle of the day, my friend sent me his opinion on the book of neurology. Unintentionally, perhaps too passive, perhaps an old man with words he shouldn't have written,
　　
　　Ge yimin 2015-05-15 20:55:47
　　Mental derangement?
　　
　　Ge hua liu xin
　　Do you know how old bi left office? But because did not have the true friend, perhaps the friend envies him, already fights demon to want to make him, therefore frame him
　　
　　Ge hua liu xin
　　But I liu xin can't do such unconscionable matter, so I rewrite his essay
　　
　　Ge yimin on 2015-05-15 20:57:03
　　He called me names?
　　
　　Ge hua liu xin
　　I sent it to him again, to remind him that in the future, things like this have to be sober, but I sent it to one person, and if I sent it to another person, the next person is going to be him doing the same thing, and he told me,
　　
　　Ge hua liu xin
　　A person with profound literary attainment knows how to treat friends. Your values, if the pursuit of material enjoyment, vanity and I will not be friends
　　
　　2015-05-15 21:00:32 ge hua liu xin
　　I do things not dare to say and men like the sky, but I do things absolutely, open and aboveboard, worthy of all these years parents education, worthy of their own heart, so you also people ask me how can I have so many friends, very simple, I am true, true, treat them, with my heart for
　　Come back
　　
　　Ge hua liu xin
　　How tall are you
　　
　　Ge hua liu xin
　　You have big eyes
　　
　　Ge hua liu xin
　　I like your eyes
　　
　　May 17, 2015 09:08:14 ge yimin
　　173 cm
　　Farmer and Turkey: kris, living in a dream is also diao
　　There are still those who live by dreams.
　　Does this thing promote evil cults here?
　　Ge hua xi xiulan: ge yi people, it is not in line with modern civilization to call themselves god
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　But what do you write, like an exhibitionist who's acting,
　　
　　Ge yimin on May 17, 2015
　　My god purport
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　Your title fits, ＾wordofgod￣
　　
　　Ge yimin on May 17, 2015
　　The word of god
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　Do you think of
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　Without philosophy,
　　
　　Ge yimin
　　There was communism
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　Speech is sometimes right, but it seems to be a form of heresy, and truth needs no deification
　　
　　Ge yimin on May 17, 2015 22:12:23
　　I don't organize
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan on May 17, 2015
　　How can you teach flowers
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　congregation
　　
　　Ge yimin
　　Those who play super girl, ge hua
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　Calculated, too much is far-fetched fabrications, you are a college student may be misfires into demons, otherwise can not write those delusional things
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　You write about your experiences, like they're made-up,
　　
　　Ge yimin on May 18, 2015
　　Genius is a psychopath
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　You can have your own thoughts and words, but you can deify yourself too much
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　Modern civilization needs no myths
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　Jesus' time is a cultural constraint, modern civilization does not need what you say
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　It only makes people say that ge is a psychopath
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　But I don't agree with what you preach
　　
　　Ge yimin 2015-05-18 20:35:04
　　communism
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　Jesus can be taught to put into his own mind, as long as he is not confused with the human heart, but to call himself god is too out of line with modern civilization
　　
　　Ge yimin on 2015-05-18 20:37:30
　　God says listen to me
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　God is divine, and divine is divine
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-18 20:38:44
　　The creator
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　You're a good jesuit
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-18 20:43:32
　　I think I'm Jesus again
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　I think you're obsessed
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-18 20:46:08
　　No, no new ideas
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-18 20:46:20
　　Marx and Lenin are both
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　They didn't deify themselves. The world recognized their ideas. Their ideas promoted the development of society.
　　
　　Ge yimin was born at 20:49:30 on May 18, 2015
　　Lenin had a slight mania
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-18 20:50:04
　　Marx, as you say, went off the deep end
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　I'm not mad enough to say I'm divine
　　
　　Ge yimin on 2015-05-18 20:50:52
　　They have no divine edict, I have, and that's what makes me different from them
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　You're crazy
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan
　　So that's the end of your talk, there's no need to develop, delete the word space with god, it's good to be a good Christian, to comment on the text of Jesus
　　
　　Don't even think about who you are
　　
　　Ge hua xi xiulan on May 18, 2015
　　Get out of your Jesus, read the news, get out, hehe
　　Ge hua xu qing: ge yimin, I'm afraid that the government will interfere with you and strike you
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing
　　You are chairman ge. Do you know your factory staff
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-18 21:27:37
　　Some know
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing
　　Does the government know
　　
　　Ge yimin 2015-05-18 21:28:32
　　Yeah, no interference, no organization
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing
　　I am afraid that the government will interfere in you and strike you
　　
　　May 18, 2015 21:30:27 ge yimin
　　No, I said yes. It doesn't matter if it's not organized
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing
　　You must learn it well
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-18 21:31:57
　　Euh, 14. The law of ＾wordofgod￣s: [against none].
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing on May 18, 2015
　　Did you finish your book by yourself
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-18 21:33:51
　　Yes, there were many comments
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing at 21:35:00 on May 18, 2015
　　You think you are the son of god, but you think you are not believed by others
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-18 21:35:21
　　2019 will prove to you
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing on May 18, 2015
　　Will you be the king of the world then
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-18 21:36:43
　　yes
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing on May 18, 2015
　　The point is you don't have a miracle to show now
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-18 21:39:54
　　Now it's a vision
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing
　　Now people in the church worship Jesus,
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-18 21:41:27
　　Yeah, I'm not out of the woods yet
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-18 21:41:37
　　So I'm advertising
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing
　　Do you really think you're Jesus reincarnated
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-18 21:50:28
　　really
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing
　　Will you replace government in the future
　　
　　Ge yimin 2015-05-18 21:56:28
　　That would be communist society, where the government is a fully serviced union, with no dictatorship
　　
　　Ge yimin 2015-05-18 21:56:42
　　Global communism
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-18 21:56:54
　　The union of free men
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing
　　In 19 years, four years,
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing on May 18, 2015
　　Originally good person bad all have, how can renew
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing
　　This difficult
　　
　　Ge yimin on May 18, 2015
　　It's not the bad guy, it's the system, it's the matter of inequality
　　
　　May 18, 2015 02:28 ge yimin
　　50, how the human heart is equal? Now there is great injustice, the cooling of human love, material justice, and the law of conscience. Because of material inequality, modern people just want one thing: to make money. We advocate satisfying the "I" : matter, spirit, soul.
　　We admit that we want to change people's heart, but for modern people, we can only start from the material. Human suffering is caused by material imbalance, repeated struggle, material equality, human harmony.
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing
　　Some people are greedy
　　
　　Ge yimin on May 18, 2015 02:57
　　Material justice is a law of conscience.
　　
　　22:04:21 ge hua xu qing
　　You're right, but it's still hard to implement
　　
　　Ge yimin
　　I'm waiting for miracles
　　
　　Ge yimin on 2015-05-18 22:05:06
　　And I think society tries me
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing
　　The world has been a bit of a mess by corrupt officials, all the system is unfair, injustice, it is not easy to want to start over
　　
　　Ge yimin on May 18, 2015
　　They have no faith and depend on god to renew the world
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing
　　Because you don't have a miracle yet, pray and ask for support
　　
　　Ge hua xu qing
　　A: good morning! Son of god
　　Tanaka: China is not as strict as China is
　　In st bar, there is no living space for kris because the hypocrisy is so obvious.
　　"Ge hua: ge hua is not every day to post publicity, you can not seal, post-deletion post and yi, and post and delete post there is a time difference, publicity purpose has been achieved.
　　White - faced goblin warlock: kris is not a purple saint
　　Until he can force the palace down.
　　The saint is not a fool, and the result of the publicity can only be followed in the footsteps of kris
　　Only fools strive for the false name as cannon fodder.
　　WSQSBLD: goeemin, you still have to work hard, your saintly background is strong
　　Get rid of putin, get rid of the inside of the United States, get rid of the communist party of changchun.
　　25: ge yimin, there are fans, there are members is god?
　　The hair ＾wordofgod￣ is divine? I'm so drunk from ignorance! I see you are not afraid of death, but do not know death!! Repentance!
　　560, hyB3523: better to be forgotten than unknown
　　The heart of kris.
　　Nonsense coco people: the students of ge yimin also took part in the activity
　　Islam also show your face, left hand with knife, right hand with sutra, lovely. Behind of many, homebred a large number of, true church and so on, wheel also calculate, also civilian classmate also join in lively. I would also like to see the pentecostals, the Sabbath, the sacred fire, the great movement of heaven and earth. The fearful people win, the confused mormonism. An shang hong, wheels, lightning, sheep hunting, kris people, the taiping kingdom, the three redemption of the flow has a thousand years.
　　Good luck today: why is ge yimin self-appointed prophet shoe teaching?
　　So why is Islam's prophet muhammad calling himself a prophet not shoe religion? Why does the Christian Lord Jesus make himself god is not shoe teaching? Why does the self-styled prophet of kris ge become a shoe teacher? Where is the logic?
　　563. Jing UAG porcelain: just off the ＾wordofgod￣ of ge yimin
　　The ideal is rich, the reality is the bone sense.
　　Good rough theory, I also fifty cent.
　　The weeping of wheat: saint Goethe, if it is god's will, I am also god's will
　　Human nature, I agree, but I disagree. Human nature, I agree, but I disagree.
　　Kris, awesome! Is this a new tower of Babel?
　　Kate, faceless traveler: please contact me if you want to go out of the mountains
　　The price is fair and honest. 
　　Twenty thousand yuan from the mountains to ge and other people all and a dragon publicity!
　　HyB3523: in a word, ge yimin's influence is not as high as master li!
　　One day a: what is kris exactly? It's amazing. I like to mention it.
　　569. Marlene attacked the faithful directly from the outside
　　And ge yimin heretics from the internal spread of virus pollution believers.
　　The snow fox is a big fish, a big fish, a big fish.
　　571, 2015-05-27 20:29:27 ge hua xu ruyun
　　You are so great
　　
　　Ge hua xu ruyun
　　To change the human mind.
　　
　　Ge hua xu ruyun
　　Why should others accept your idea
　　
　　Ge yimin on May 27, 2015 20:40:21
　　Realize the communist society
　　
　　Ge hua xu ruyun
　　Can a communist society be achieved by accepting your ideas
　　
　　Ge yimin, 2015-05-27 20:42:19
　　can
　　
　　Ge yimin May 2015, May 27, 20:42:50
　　In today's two major (social production and the Internet revolution), the realization of the concept of "ge yi democracy" and the realization of the communist society, the material conditions have been met, just as the spiritual conditions have been met, namely, the renewal of the human mind, the Gospel of ge yi democracy spread around the world and was accepted by mankind.
　　
　　Ge hua xu ruyun
　　How long have you been promoting it
　　
　　Ge yimin on May 27, 2015 20:44:05
　　2001
　　
　　Ge hua xu ruyun
　　How many believers are there now
　　
　　Ge yimin 2015-05-27 20:45:05
　　No organization, no statistics
　　572, x1364087565: the problem is that I feel that every word spoken by kris is reasonable.
　　I believe in god and kris.
　　574, order of zheng island: had heard of the mainland 'ge yimin the name of god'...
　　HyB3523: he desheng is inferior to ge yimin
　　At least they have a number of posts, weibo followers of wan people, he desheng is a bare rod commander.
　　Lu tianpeng 111: ge yimin, it is not good to be a god, to break away from human beings and create new inequalities
　　You can't do it. You may become a saint and become a Buddha. Come into the world to save suffering, your book changed to: datong sutra!! Is the only positive solution and destination.
　　BBB 0 ge hua: let everyone from the dust to the spiritual life, that is, everyone is god.
　　WSQSBLD: ge yimin is the communist party's boss, stirring up the water.
　　Jimo beauty: ge yimin can never be more dangerous than the sky
　　At most the network spread a point of garbage pollution environment, the wheel that make so fierce not also be put out. If you have a brain, you don't want to talk to him. The ＾wordofgod￣ is real.
　　Tianya loafers the beast: ge yimin, he is no better than the lightning, the almighty
　　Give the wheel as a turtle sun also to see if qualified.
　　580, 0103zlp: ge yimin, the advertisement did the wrong place
　　The general letter you can't play stick it, play stick it can't letter you!
　　Philosophical thinkers of god: ge yimin has no omnipotent power of god (divine power)
　　What good is the global spread of the concept of democracy? Who believe? If he gets the organization big government will crush him, he will follow master li's example.
　　BBB 0 BBB b1 BBB b2 gehua: goshen exactly says is the society tries, 2019.
　　The philosophical thinker of god: suppose the wish of kris
　　In the future, all other religions will be replaced by the god religion of kris, and the government will be greatly threatened, so the government will be ineffective or the god religion will replace the government. He's going back to heaven.
　　Many years later, how many people believe in the present god of kris? How many people believe in the miracles of Jesus? Religion will not replace government. In the future, people will think that the god ordinance of kris is a tool to rule people's thoughts. No one will believe what god says. Is ge yimin going to the world again?
　　>>> gehua: we think permanent new day new ground (communist society), coming soon, 2019.
　　Philosophical thinker of god: the desire of the people of ge to realize the power of god (divine power)
　　If anyone in the world believes in other religions, there will only be a god religion of kris. The future human beings are more dangerous and very dangerous.
　　>>> gehua: our ultimate goal: the communist society under the care of the gods (free people association), no religion, no government.
　　Philosophical thinkers of god: in the future everyone will believe in the god of kris
　　I ask if you would threaten the government, does the government still have power? Or god will replace the government.
　　>>> ge hua: the society that we want to build, everybody is under the belief of common belief in god, all brothers sister, lead communist life, whole society is a free person's union, not authority government concept, have no dictatorship party more.
　　WSQSBLD: what's the big deal
　　People of kris? Zhejiang? Jiangsu? Oh, oh, oh, I see.
　　Loneliness 0 wine sword: it is not easy
　　I don't know how big the operating space is, how many fans are there?
　　Silver time loves earth: who is ge yimin?
　　>>>C your chicken egg: the singularity of the cosmic explosion.
　　>>> sad jelly baby C: a mental disease, brainwashing king.
　　>>> kangaroo ra: a little boss for Christian newbie training.
　　5, bulbulhi: kris, how can this idiot god stick be so popular in benba recently?
　　There is a trend of surpassing wu dajiang, a legendary man of that year.
　　Jimo woman: do you sell advertisements? Even if nobody knows kris
　　You say so everyday, other people also can notice, want to play here hair point has nutrition topic, do not want to contend with a mental disease all day long.
　　WSQSBLD: get the hell out of your mother
　　Ge yimin is the communist party's profiteers prop up the garbage, is to stir up the water.
　　Ge hua liu xin: ge yi people, do you want me to be your subject
　　Ge hua liu xin 09:15:56 
　　I don't want to have anything to do with you, because you're a dangerous person, if in the future your beliefs have gone to extremes and you've gone into the cult. Then my recordings and my writings are going to prove that I am an accessory, an accessory, that I do not care whether I live or die
　　Ge hua liu xin 
　　Unless you leave your church, that's impossible I know
　　Ge hua liu xin 09:16:56 
　　When I saw you upload my voice on the space, I knew our relationship was over
　　Ge hua liu xin 09:17:01 
　　Forget me,
　　GeYiMin 09:18:53 
　　Light, don't be afraid, I don't organize.
　　Green flower liuxin 09:22:23 
　　I'm afraid I'm really afraid
　　Ge hua liu xin 09:26:35 
　　Why don't you look for them? Why do you look for me? I'm just a very ordinary woman
　　Gerflower liuxin 09:29:55 
　　Do you know how many talented, beautiful women there are in the world
　　Green flower liu xin 09:30:03 
　　Who am I
　　Green flower liuxin 09:36:57 
　　You haven't found it yet
　　Ge hua liu xin 09:37:10 
　　I'm sure it will
　　Jinshui literary and artistic young people: ge is a secret two disciples!
　　Keep it a secret big disciple is a great master of dafa li! Secrecy is the saint of masturbation.
　　Teacher of the Lord: strange, now how to talk about kris.
　　Didn't he dilute it? Is it red again?
　　Tianya lothario kills animals: my strong prediction: within two years ge yimin
　　The higher you jump, the faster you die, the worse you die. To be shot in the head by the government or cut off by the real Christ!
　　It's the price of insanity.
　　Admonishing online neurologists and waistcoats: pull back from the brink. He has only demagogic schemes.
　　Aster19741228: what is ge yimin?
　　The leader of another evil organization, or do not know the tall and thick small white?
　　C your eggs: the church outlawed the government
　　Like the Christian rule of medieval Western Europe, but theism is light.
　　GeYiMin.
　　Fu tian tu long 2014: reply to ge yimin: "chatting with li li about faith"
　　Christ was called the son of god because he brought love, rebirth, dedication and sacrifice to the world. He wrote love, rebirth, dedication and sacrifice in his own life. Hong xiuquan's dream is quite magical, Yang xiuqing claimed to be able to speak for god, but they are not cheats who is a cheater?
　　Big god, you say you are god son, you bring to the world what? What do you write with your life? By the way, you said that you brought in Christ with communism, not to mention this to piece together what can speak out millions of people who are, more important is communism fails, the communist belief is not coupled with Christ is the perfection of the human spirit, the faith, will, its precursor is a model of human lofty idealism, dedication! Communism plus Christ, just enough salty vegetables with a pinch of salt, enough sweet vegetables with a pinch of sugar, did not create a new flavor.
　　And you, except hong xiuquan's mouth other than what all ah! Do you use your life to write about love, renewal, dedication and sacrifice? How can you convince people that you are not hong xiuquan, that you can go to heaven as long as you listen? Is your promise better than the promise of an old granny that you can go to heaven as long as you are a good man and do no wrong?
　　Alas, big god, if you do not want to be a hongxiuquan cheater, I advise you to study a bit of real knowledge, do what you can do really good! Do not mistake others for yourself, wasted a good time in vain ah!
　　The rosy clouds fill the sky: kris, I only know the bible, do not know the ＾wordofgod￣s, do not!
　　Rosy clouds fill the sky at 8:46:02 
　　Oh, you're elevating yourself above Jesus, cult
　　The rosy clouds fill the sky with 8:46:47 
　　What a man!
　　The rosy clouds fill the sky with 8:51:51 
　　What are you, that god does not honor a man as tall as god? It's just a book.
　　Rosy clouds fill the sky at 8:54:10 
　　If you are a true Christian, only confess your SINS to Jesus!
　　I like to pretend to be a saint
　　In fact, he just wants to make a shoe to cheat money to cheat color. Where are the real saints? It can be said that there are no sages in China now. For a saint is not born, but made.
　　600, tiangang star 2013: I warn you -- ge yimin and his behind the pusher and the small followers!
　　I, Chinese crape myrtle, absolutely no joke! If you do not give me the honest return, then I will not hesitate, directly uproot you this group of all, thousands of people - the corrupt of human civilization!
　　Paris in the water: the saint is said to be one of zhang fuxin and ge yimin.
　　What do you say?
　　Ge hua li sisi: hello. Is chairman ge you
　　
　　Ge yimin on June 11, 2015
　　yeah
　　
　　Ge hua li sisi
　　I don't get it. The song you sang on the website, did it say you
　　
　　Ge yimin on June 11, 2015
　　yeah
　　
　　Ge hua li sisi
　　Sing to yourself
　　
　　Ge yimin on June 11, 2015
　　yes
　　
　　Ge yimin on June 11, 2015
　　Think god the son
　　
　　Ge hua li sisi on June 11, 2015
　　Is there anything that characterizes the son of god, or is there something else
　　
　　Ge yimin on June 11, 2015
　　In the autumn of 2001, in a dream, god said, "I am god. Listen to him." I woke up immediately and felt amazing to "refer to ge yimin" when my wife and children were at home. "(kris was anointed as god).
　　
　　Ge hua li sisi
　　It's pretty amazing
　　603. Novel Dr. Li: ge yimin, Shinto communism, belief theory
　　It is no different from ideal communism.
　　Paris in the water: why do saints not rise from the mountains?
　　Everybody's looking forward to it, heart to heart. What ge yi people, what zhang fu xin, no matter who, you pour a mountain.
　　Ge hua zhang hanyun: they call you chairman ge
　　
　　Ge hua zhang hanyun on June 10, 2015
　　You look like tangzhen
　　
　　Ge yimin on June 10, 2015
　　Jackson
　　
　　Ge hua zhang hanyun on June 10, 2015
　　Your ＾wordofgod￣s are deep
　　
　　Ge yimin on June 10, 2015
　　41. With the realization of democracy and the realization of the communist society, the material conditions are available.
　　
　　Only when the spiritual condition is met, that is, to renew the human mind, the Gospel of the same democratic righteousness is spread all over the world and accepted by mankind.
　　
　　Ge hua zhang hanyun on June 10, 2015
　　You still believe?
　　
　　Ge hua zhang hanyun on June 10, 2015
　　I found you on baidu
　　
　　Ge hua zhang hanyun
　　Who is the flower of kudzuvine
　　
　　Ge yimin on June 10, 2015
　　I am a fan of
　　
　　Ge hua zhang hanyun on June 10, 2015
　　She is very beautiful!
　　
　　Ge yimin on June 10, 2015
　　No, all fans
　　
　　Ge hua zhang hanyun on June 10, 2015
　　I have time to study you
　　
　　Ge yimin June 10, 2015
　　My fans, all called ge hua
　　
　　Ge hua zhang hanyun on June 10, 2015
　　Is your mind a little bit pedagogical
　　
　　Ge yimin on June 10, 2015
　　Believe in my communism
　　
　　Ge hua zhang hanyun on June 11, 2015
　　What good is it to believe in your divinity
　　
　　Ge yimin on June 11, 2015
　　Spiritual life
　　
　　Ge hua zhang hanyun on June 11, 2015
　　How many wives are in your harem
　　
　　Ge hua zhang hanyun
　　Why do you have so many fans
　　
　　Ge hua zhang hanyun
　　I am jealous
　　
　　Ge hua zhang hanyun on June 11, 2015
　　Somebody made up a song for you
　　
　　Ge hua zhang hanyun
　　They call you chairman ge
　　
　　Ge yimin on June 11, 2015
　　I made it up. They sang it
　　606. Aaaa song god: actually it's hard to be a saint. Brother, kris is also right
　　He also wants to solve problems for everyone, so we relax our mentality. If you do everything you have to do, and you don't get it, oh, god, it doesn't matter
　　, let everything with the wind, as long as you live free, sincere, ok.
　　607, h1h1z: LUN explained the prophecy and blamed master li for all the big things.
　　-- the people in the bar of 2012 explained the prophecy and pinned all the major events on the head of the saint crape myrtle. They were two people.
　　According to the current situation, your teacher is the first candidate of the saints (Buddhism, religion, cultivation). Those in tieba, what ge people's flow, are false.
　　608, homemanandlady: ge yimin, he is not ready to network several post bar people to make him a saint.
　　Year of corruptionisn't the sage of crape myrtle known to the central authorities
　　531601: you know what? No eggs
　　Corrupt creature: isn't it ge yimin
　　531601: as a matter of fact, ge wrote about his ＾wordofgod￣s
　　A single spark can start a fire
　　531601: unfortunately there is no egg to use, the world red earth, this bit of fire on the back hand destroyed. It was only old ge who dared to make a difference.
　　610. Holy girl Julie: from 2015 to 2019.
　　531601: mullah, I bet, on ge this little piss, until 2029 will be no good, much worse than other people Lao li
　　Corrupt creature: still persecuted by his elders, old li is now clinging to protestant turf
　　531601: but the wheels are still alive, and the wheels are still alive. But old ge is finished. What can he do in the red earth?
　　Du li: ge yimin "＾wordofgod￣", discussing Confucianism and teaching together!! New classics!!
　　612, pfdxds520: how much does a cult matter? Isn't it a cult?
　　Doesn't he live the same way?
　　There are many religions in the world, and they don't care about one more.
　　One more won't be too many, and one less won't be too few.
　　Ritual: it is not wrong for the people of kris to consider themselves purple saints
　　After all, it brought him passion and some of the experiences he expected.   Hopefully, he will gain faster insight.
　　An insane dog who pretends to be a god
　　In fact, is the most useless waste, down - and - out online to apply for trumpet boast themselves.
　　You might as well go out and earn some money to support a family!!!
　　The prodigal son of the ends of the earth slay the beast
　　One: kris 
　　1: from the face alone know a person: fierce eyebrow rotten eye, not good person, actually also be a person like its person.
　　2: there is no prophecy of him in the world, which is not related to him at all. So he's at best a psychopath.
　　3: now has already been the time of separation of human and god, because like adults with children, it is impossible to hold, to put down the hands to let children walk by themselves. The ge ＾wordofgod￣ blow what vision, the dream scene belong to oneself BBB 0, make up, even make up, have nothing to do, this is not credible at all, this is cheeper division, pure lie trick. We should cultivate ourselves and understand by ourselves, not by our mouth at all.
　　4: most hateful is ge's waistcoat and the dog lacerate are numerous, which one refute, call come all the way dog son bark! ! Before it was established, it was even more arrogant than omnipotent religion and lightning religion, showing its ferocious face. This is a hateful and typical cult organization, but it is still in the stage of paper talk. Not that you are capable, but that you are the worst.
　　5: the man also wants to destroy scripture, expel Jesus (elsa, maitreya, Chinese saint), and declare himself holy, which is absurd. The bible is the living water of life, an ever-renewing scripture, an ever-improving truth, and not an outlet at all.
　　6: no snack, no mouth, no talent, function.
　　616, homemanandlady: kris, the fellow who rushed to found the cult, had a terrible time.
　　617. Yun jie, Wolf shepherd: zhang jie, you have two rivals
　　Zheng said he was the future of China and a man of the world. The saint of crape myrtle. His future wife is zhang ziyi, a saint.
　　Ge also described himself as a pillar of hope and humanity in China, adding that liu is his future wife.
　　618, fuxing red October 1: ge yimin is the most glossy line of the most sleazy things of the clown just
　　He has nothing to do with socialism. If it's socialism, then Hitler, Stan and gorbachev are all "socialists."
　　619, the sword of justice good luck: ge yi people people's house all say he ge crazy, zha called ge hua
　　I also admire him for this kind of rampage, criss-cross the force of the bar.
　　"Ge hua: ge hua is a fan of ge yimin, dozens of large post bar.
　　620, serveme2: ge yimin, probably a civil servant in nanjing
　　Later with the ghost, and later you all know. It's a cult. Jesus Christ is the only true god.
　　The ends of the earth
　　Which hero hasn't seen blood? An ex-con? I support comrade ge yimin to go to jail, power...
　　Relying on heaven to slay a dragon.
　　He had nothing new to offer except sexual liberation, which men and women could demand. Including the so-called dream, just learned hong xiuquan. If you are such a fool, you need to broaden your horizon and find out his truth.
　　623 farmer and Turkey: ge yimin has entered my friend to choose a class case to explain.
　　Specific I also do not know, popular speak is brain disease.
　　In 2014, ge yimin got the name of "＾wordofgod￣" and "ge hua"
　　It shows how stupid and ignorant he is. Because the former is associated with neurosis, the latter with fanatics. A country old man would never use it like this.
　　625, certificate road can road: this is more than two million baidu post bar of the bar business consensus.
　　Every post has "ge yimin" three words, no matter what other words express, all will be regarded as the publicity material of the ge cult, all will be closed delete it.
　　This must be done against the evil and cunning evil cult of kris. This is more than 2 million baidu post bar on the bar business consensus.
　　Is it only when the patriarch is brought to justice that we can resist the cult?
　　626. Certificate and dao kedao: ge cult leader himself and ge hua's accomplices are in 2 million baidu post bar
　　Almost all of them had their feet, shamelessly proclaiming his cult, becoming the rhythm of the rat's shouts across the street.
　　If ge yi-minguang wrote a book or published his opinion on the Internet, it would be nothing, but he created a cult and cheated money and color, which led many simple people to go astray. It is really a crime.
　　The ge cult has arrived across the street rat everybody to shout dozen of share, ge yi people even so up and down jump, light by such stupid, its flower chi may have no medicine to save!
　　627, starting point wind vicissitudes month: saint? Divine perfect human? It is impossible to exist on earth
　　I thought clearly when I posted in 2009, and I didn't care about such identity. If it wasn't for the efforts of people like ge yimin, day and night, wind and rain, and hard publicity, I could see them everywhere, and I would almost forget these things.
　　628, calm X light blue: ge yimin, that book unexpectedly call ＾wordofgod￣
　　Do they usually not swear? Why not a little bit of swearing?
　　629, big antimony one: ask everyone to report a cult post bar
　　The people called god create people called ge people strange super narcissistic I have to look at it has not bear to look directly.
　　630, young people of jinshui art and literature: 90 edition "feudun table" too classic
　　The purple sage inside has now been reincarnated... Two keep secret elder brother! Confidential now two disciples one is ge yimin! A master li hongzi.
　　Disciples of Cauchy: ge yimin, one of the two goods, for the true saint's cannon fodder, GCD whole dead that Y.
　　We should certainly respect his free speech
　　However, different from the people of ge, apart from his heresy, it is inexcusable for him to cheat money and sex by using a cult, not to mention that he claims to be the son of god and the Lord
　　' 'let us all listen to him. Why should we expect him when he disrespects us so much?
　　Paris is in the water: kris must have been ambitious, but there is no such thing as a cult
　　Since there is no evidence that it exists, it is not a bad thing for him to be ambitious. Just let the people vote him out as an official.
　　You say what is the difference between the hu of ge yimin and that of hong xiuquan and Yang xiuqing?
　　Hong xiuquan, Yang xiuqing what things, want what is exactly, history clearly told us. What about kris, you think everyone is an idiot like him?
　　The saint really will be assassinated?
　　Why are so many people still called st? It doesn't seem to be dead, like kris.
　　Lxdasb1991: ge feels like a failure.
　　Pueraria: why? Internet sensation.
　　Lxdasb1991: no believers.
　　Ge hua: ge yimin doesn't organize.
　　Lxdasb1991: because he couldn't make it, silly bigot trusted him.
　　Ge hua: ge yimin announced in 2001 that he did not organize, just publicize ideas.
　　Prov: galeans, I guess many people have reported you, but they are still in the land of god for their own good.
　　"Ge hua: ge is not organized, so it is ok.
　　This square X small mirror: say the kind of Christian cult (under the name of Christianity) all have which?
　　Kris, exorcists, demoniacs, bexelists what else is there for the king like lightning? Anything else?
　　639 hyB352B: ge yimin,
　　It's a miracle.
　　Daydreaming,
　　To be the son of god.
　　Aliens,
　　Join the party.
　　Flying saucers, please.
　　Let's pop the Daisy.
　　In a daze,
　　Up in heaven.
　　Psychedelic paradise,
　　It was delightful.
　　When I woke up,
　　It doesn't feel bad.
　　Write quickly,
　　Take notes.
　　640, hyB352B: yimin's surname ge,
　　Fancy.
　　Love to write bear,
　　Hu woks heavily.
　　Or the son of god,
　　Do what is right.
　　Or as an immortal,
　　Be king.
　　The level is often,
　　I don't know.
　　Make up the news,
　　Blow your own horn.
　　The god will be Yang song: the god of kris says it is like the god of noodles, but it has the content of anyway
　　True facial gods are not so black, it should be really stupid or really evil..
　　Ask for a fortune: that would be terrible
　　The jade of white crystal: ge yi people does not do evil, how does the government receive?
　　Now the cat is watching the mouse, and when it steals, it kills it.
　　Wowda: didn't kris say he was arrested and locked up?
　　Why should the Christian cross rule? Isn't that a unique part of the city?
　　HyB352B: say ge yimin
　　Skill counts
　　What the hell
　　Rip off
　　Out of sleep
　　avowed
　　A saint is not a man
　　Dream from childhood
　　True and false
　　You can't tell by yourself
　　loopy
　　I will die.
　　645, job80: ge is also a half thinker
　　But he played the devil's advocate under the leadership of our party, which is a mistake in principle.
　　HyB352B: yimin (adapted from ＾wordofgod￣)
　　1. Assist
　　Or:
　　Day after day,
　　Crazy.
　　The spirit never dies,
　　Be uneasy.
　　Unable to eat,
　　No soup.
　　Be alone,
　　So few.
　　2. Night terrors
　　In the fall of 2001,
　　It's a dream.
　　Bedtime games,
　　Blood spouts.
　　Dreamy,
　　He who does not distinguish between god and man.
　　God dreams,
　　Admitted the father.
　　In my dreams,
　　Really appreciate it.
　　Of yimin,
　　Straight men are broken.
　　From the book of vision
　　HyB352B: yimin is going to be one. Where is it going to be
　　Yimin wants to convert
　　whither
　　There is no way to heaven
　　Hell hath no gate
　　Suicide doesn't pay
　　psycho
　　Think and go
　　Death by deception.
　　Fly fate shock birds: @ge yimin (teacher) if the teacher is not open a bunch of small hi words.
　　It's really awesome. The new religion, goshen, is known as a combination of Jesus and communism. Of course not. Just now a saint in this post said yes.
　　List reason: true teacher! See the god poster for details
　　BBB zero: ten
　　Medium second degree: ten
　　Quality degree: very (did not seem to see him scold, say that the quality of the list is higher than the main building)
　　Coaxing primary school students: zero (at present primary school students are brainwashed by the Socratic method and cannot accept the godzilla theory. Actually, me too. I guess it's all middle-aged women and stuff like that?
　　One word evaluation: really niubi, said nothing. Some big method can shout a master on the ground to turn a good theory can be charmed believers have to say that the leader's personal charm led!
　　In fact, I have always thought that Lord ge is hi. There aren't really that many enlightened people. But think about something. Maybe I am too low?
　　Amateur: it is said upstairs that kris is the so-called Christian communist leader.
　　Gnini: kris, seriously, every time your family sees you doing something like this
　　I'm worried about your future. Why do you have to have a religion for others to believe in? Conspiracy theory, conspiracy theory, conspiracy theory! Those are the thoughts of the virtuous. Anyway, I know you will disturb more people's thoughts if you go on like this, so I will oppose your words and deeds. Your words and deeds have no basis, mostly come from entertainment news! Don't be a professional... You are not god because there is no god... There's no such thing as an ancient god, but you're just showing -- you're the sage of crape myrtle, and you can lead all the LCS, but you have to be clear that some LCS see you like this, and either turn a blind eye or, like me, take off your mask for more people. This time does not need god, what needs is own world, not god's world, although he can promote people's belief, but belief is really useless sometimes......
　　Neet ni: ge yimin, one of the two diaosi, can not become a big tool
　　I didn't even read the real poems, but I pretended to be a god. I believe in god, but there can be no god! Yes, but that's just what we think of as god. They are just like us.
　　Nev: let me tell you something. Kris is using the trumpet to diminish himself
　　Raise themselves then let small, this is the brillant part that the great Mr. Ge, belittle yourself, first raise themselves again, really good, but the spiritual leader, don't need this, because this age already don't need this stuff, what the annual top ten XXX, is the spiritual leader, a than a miserable, if you want to hard, try to open the iron, I use Z killed you.
　　Neet: kris, maybe in a few hundred years people will agree with your philosophy
　　God is no tyranny, alas! How come there are such religions in every era! But this is not a religion, it is a religion, politics is so empty, does anyone still want war? It's because of people like you that so many people die... Your long speeches have nothing to do with peace...
　　Ge, what are your political ambitions for? Do you want to call yourself king? People often marvel at the wonders of the screen and ignore the outer self!
　　Are you taking advantage of that? Getting people more and more out of touch with reality... But are you close or out? It's still a question, perhaps hundreds of years from now people will agree with your philosophy, but ignore your essence! You talk about government! Don't you know that anarchy is the best antidote?
　　Popocss: kris, ＾wordofgod￣, new bible!
　　It is this fate that most people are exposed on the spot. If they survive for a few years, they will become a god who deceives more people later. Jesus was actually a little better than this, and he was nailed to death with no amount of money, but later he was made big by the more deceiving Paul, and the key point is the trickery. Now the pyramid selling model is exactly the same as the divine rod, and the purpose is exactly the same, for money!
　　HGCHPC: kris has more trumpets than sun and coral...
　　His followers were all small, but it was a brilliant book to write, and I really wanted to work with him if it wasn't for his teachings that were at odds with doge's fundamental teachings (god never revealed to anyone).
　　Nev: criticize this religion -- god's religion!
　　First of all, I have to say something about your works - the ＾wordofgod￣!
　　It's really interesting, there's no biblical concept, but after all, you're supposed to be a negative religion under the banner of communism
　　!
　　This is a religious classic that has been largely copied... Most of it is the bible, occasionally a buddhist idea, but why public
　　Well, the famous idea comes to you and becomes a tool for dictators, right?
　　First of all, I'm going to start with your sheepskin. Communism? To be clear, no communist really understands communism,
　　Most of these ideas actually dovetailed with the ideas of anarchists, and I'll leave aside the 12 most feared dictators in the world,
　　More than half of them are communist, but you know, they are wrong communism, they call it communism!
　　But is it necessary that a philosophy which has been accepted by the world should continue in your ge sages mind? But I'd love to see you
　　Talk about conflicting thoughts that are woven into the soul of your ge sages
　　Neet: kris, you have a doctrine, which is a little extreme
　　But it's really something I appreciate - everyone is divine! It's true that humans are a very powerful species, and that's only half the people can tell.
　　Their past, their future, they have this high awareness, and the light of their awakening always seems to give people a kind of sanctity, but ironically,
　　There are always some religions that think they can lead people down and out of people's minds, but that's why I'm against god
　　The reason for teaching is that if there is one less religion in the world and more people meditate, it may change a lot. We are experiencing a new time
　　There was a time when this was an unprecedented challenge, and maybe we're just specks in this struggle for survival... But according to the
　　The old man stepped over the wall to tell us the beauty of the world beyond the wall, but we persisted in ignoring the outside wall, but closed our ego, then
　　This is a mistake of religion and politics. But they have a saying that just reflects what people look like, but I still believe that people can look like the past
　　The same. Because everyone can create or create a miracle! Instead of being yourself off the screen!
　　Nev: let us return to your master's conspiracy
　　It's a bit of a conspiracy theory borrowed from a few friends. First of all, it can be seen from your comments that the Pope wants to be involved in politics or positive
　　In participating in politics, only the scheme is not adopted, so they want to gain administrative power through religion. There was a Japanese master
　　Then he was sent to prison... Of course, I would like to give advice to the saint of ge yi-min. Now the authorities have not found your problem, so
　　You can go back to your little days, your free days, and you are welcome to continue with your religious philosophy
　　Tiaochuangzi a fight ~ but I still that sentence - the bank
　　But I do want to talk to you about your comments to your guru, but I do want you to get behind him
　　The heavy duty of a country, come to this Chinese land spread the seed of religion... Unfortunately, most of the LC is concentrated here
　　Land, so wait for the plot to end
　　659, 43506175: in fact, ge is already self-deprecating
　　When you think about it, does god get involved and get involved in the worldly disputes? They just realize their own smallness, and then find a grandness
　　You don't have to join in this meaningless dispute.
　　660. Neet: ge yimin, seven crimes! The harm of your actions!
　　Religion will limit people's room for growth, so you can't live without prayer. Since the followers of Gershwin have no sense of responsibility to their beliefs, then you have to generalize the harm done to all of your actions! Let them here radiate a history of the martyrdom of ge saint!
　　The first sin! -- abuse of marxism!
　　This crime is the greatest, Marx is one of the pioneers of the current situation, you and others are trying to their thoughts and religious belief in harmony, is simply the slander of the martyrs! It is true that communism is based on religion, but that is fanciful! Ma zhe absorbed the essence of German classical philosophy, how could you easily be tolerant with that fake religious thought? !
　　The second sin! -- trying to call god!
　　This crime is the same as the previous one, this is the nature and the earth biosphere of disrespect! To forget oneself and attempt to become original is ridiculous! Cast aspersions on the public! Let him misuse god, and let him repent! Kindness is shown by the pardon of a sinner, but only in due course!
　　The third sin! -- goe's political ambitions!
　　A vengeful attitude towards politics is to fight against the country unfaithful! I don't love political parties, but I love my country! Warning against the state, the party, and those who seek revenge by using religion to gain executive power!
　　The fourth sin! - affecting their normal lives!
　　To attract believers under the guise of immortality, godhood and communism! Influence people's original life appearance! It is the harassment of the people, the heinous crime!
　　The fifth sin! - tampering with classics!
　　The bible was supposed to look at him through the eyes of a philosophical work of religion, not the broken stuff of religious belief.
　　Sixth SINS! - disrupting the order of the Internet!
　　The Internet is supposed to be a platform for people to exchange harmonious information with each other. Since it is used to spread religious ideas, evil!
　　The seventh sin! - vilification of saints!
　　Many times the teaching calumniates the saint, the sin, the saint is in now all people, can not be called one person! ? To call a saint without authorization is heinous and heinous. Sorry to lech!
　　The foregoing is merely a warning of the dangers of your actions.
　　Neet: many illegal religions are under the guise of dark blue to attract believers
　　For example, the god of kris. Illegal information is a serious threat to the harmony of the Internet, but the source of everything is dark blue children.
　　662, job80: if you change the picture of ge hua, you should be loyal to ge yimin, who is half a thinker.
　　God will Yang song: speak well, ideal... What bullshit lu tianpeng, on a cult blow drummer...
　　Of course, from the point of view of the ＾wordofgod￣, for the kris master starving to death do not call death, god to be tested on heaven, so the ge people killing is not selfish..........
　　Big antimony two: ge is nothing but a clown
　　The forces behind him are unfathomable. Don't deny his intelligence just because of his remarks.
　　Very dry 56: kris, now is not the age of science and the birth of Christ.
　　Nor is it an age of illiteracy and superstition.
　　So there's no reason to believe any more tricks. Some smart people believe it because they are ignorant and use their predictions to do something sinister. They don't believe it.
　　Anyone who tries to cheat is actually a fool.
　　Very dry 56: ge yimin can also use 
　　Is Jesus a saint? By the unverifiable and unfalsifiable so-called god, think that god has met with him and give him energy to teach people to be good. Jesus carries this out. Good people can use it. The bad guys can use it. It is, in any case, unverifiable or falsifiable in the long future of humanity. Jesus didn't realize that this trick could be used by bad guys. Fair enough, if you can use it, so can I. Ge yimin can also use. So for humans, it doesn't work.
　　Ge yimin, zhang guocheng and so on compare with them to calculate a little ability
　　Ring color itself is actually love loser to a piece of something strangely iffy dhamma, cultivate one's morality, the mob on the Internet a lot, GeYiMin, compared with them, such as guo-cheng zhang is a little skill, only baidu someone to support them and then the bottom will beautify gave them courage, only then unruliness today...
　　Who did you believe in? Jesus' sakyamamatha, Lord or god of noodles?
　　People with a surname of wan _: ge yimin, first you don't have the same military advisor as zhuge liang
　　Have no guan yu zhang fei can hit brother so, you and do not have the same talent and patience as liu2 bei4, you under the people of all MAO MAO impetuous only know blind
　　Together... If you are not saved by the ZF as a cult destroyed... What is the use of backstage, there will be a day out of office.
　　670, the body dead way can not be satisfied: ge yi people, pure nima's funny than, wang Lin all know change snake to frighten a person
　　Nima's you still dare to call yourself Christ, playing false, is really a pure fool.
　　I want to realize the communist society
　　
　　Ghost nibbling
　　Is it not a book? How does it feel like a novel
　　Ge yimin, 2015-08-17 21:47:12
　　Not a novel
　　Ge yimin 2015-08-17 21:47:24
　　Faith book
　　Ge yimin, 2015-08-17 21:47:29
　　Similar bible
　　Ghost nibbling mud
　　Is the story there true?
　　Ge yimin 2015-08-17 21:48:53
　　Of course the story is true
　　Ghost nibbling mud at 21:49:46 on August 17, 2015
　　Mr. Ge, could you tell me what we should do next
　　Ge yimin 2015-08-17 21:50:23
　　Communism is spiritual
　　Ge yimin 2015-08-18 9:18:52
　　I am Christian communism
　　Ge yimin 2015-08-18 9:19:09
　　I want to realize the communist society
　　Ghost nibbling mud on August 18, 2015
　　But also cannot use Internet to pass a legend everyday
　　Ghost gnaws at mud on August 18, 2015
　　I want communism, too
　　Ghost gnaws at mud on August 18, 2015
　　Everybody wants it
　　Ghost nibbling mud on August 18, 2015
　　Some people grow up, slowly become decadent, think that this is the reality
　　Ghost gnaws at mud on August 18, 2015
　　Some people still insist on their ideal to achieve that goal
　　Ghost nibbling at 50 on August 18, 2015
　　Just in a different way
　　Ge yimin 2015-08-18 9:21:02
　　Chapter 18 social production and the Internet revolution
　　Ge yimin 2015-08-18 9:21:10
　　Now there are conditions
　　Ghost nibbling mud on August 18, 2015
　　If you achieved communism in ways that the people did not accept, does that make sense
　　Ghost nibbling mud on August 18, 2015
　　Are the senior officials at zhongnanhai listening
　　Ghost nibbling
　　When a political ideal ACTS in the name of god, the consequences are really bad
　　Spring sha qingzi __ : ge yimin, the country took a fancy to your funny
　　Find your value, use you to muddy the whole potential market, let more potential religious party do not come out, you are neither dead nor fat.
　　Neet: kris considered himself a Christian communist, and said he only wanted to achieve communism.
　　At first, I thought that ge was a puppet of the us emperor, but in fact he was just a uncle who realized the unique communism. Although the method was wrong, it made a lot of people unhappy. By the way that I told you about saint Gregory, other men who call themselves sages fall by the wayside, and you can live as a system of thought.
　　Ge hua zhou huimin: hello Mr. Ge, your article is still very sympathetic.
　　Indeed, the current commercialization of society makes people have no time to meditate and think about what they want. They can only be burdened by life passively.
　　Your article is good. Thank you.
　　I wish you happiness. Usually the prophet feels more than the general people, deep feeling, pain and joy than others true, protection and care
　　Myself, thank you, keep in touch.
　　Ge hua zhou huimin: ge yimin, you are a star.
　　You are a person who pursues spiritual realm.
　　I read part of your book,
　　Think you have powers,
　　Sense of revelation,
　　You are the inspiration of spiritual civilization.
　　Philosophical thinkers of god: what is it that the people of kris want to create a religion?
　　He just doesn't want to go down master li's path.
　　677, 43506175: the people of ge yi have no time, no geographical position, self-destruction and human
　　Everyone under heaven is to be acclimated. When one has ambition and is destined to do something great, he consumes his energy too early and kills himself by doing more unrighteousness.
　　Newini: I have the honor to witness the sage of crape myrtle -- ge (yomin). Even death is worth it...
　　First of all, let me tell you what the ＾wordofgod￣ is saying that dreams don't dream. I can only tell you -- three things about dreams -- the past, what you want to happen, the future... However, the content is all about what I want to happen, so we can see how powerful the author's obsession is. However, this is something out of line.
　　I do hope, though, that some of you apostles will betray your master so that he may be martyred, because this is a shot of the heroic dawn.
　　General Yang song of the gods: kris and Hegel, Marx and Lenin?
　　You are not sick, are you? Lenin may not have been a philosopher, but theory served his political battles better than ＾wordofgod￣s.. Do you really read Hegel's book?
　　680, you xia: ge is good, China's Jesus has been born ~~
　　Many times, it's easy to roll with the divinity stick
　　Come up with a religion, anything from cresulo to tero ultraman to kris, and spritz it back with the stick. Pick a chestnut:
　　Stick: you funny people, worship in my dress. Under the
　　A: you funny man, you worship at the zipper of ge yimin
　　The stick: you that is the person creation
　　A: you made that one
　　Rod: that's what god inspired
　　A: that was also inspired by god
　　Stick: shameless, you people who don't believe me will go to hell
　　A: shameless, people like you who don't believe in kris will go to hell
　　...... Omit...
　　Stick: I don't want you to waste saliva
　　A: manual is funny.
　　Kris is a false god of punishment
　　Punished according to the rules, this is god is the people Lin bin ordered.
　　Tiangang star 2013: I tell you ge yimin. Even if (crape myrtle saint) is the future white to you
　　You deserve it! Ha ha! Why! Ask yourself, and the dirty tricks of the armies and teams behind you.
　　Ha... Don't believe it? Let's see it together!
　　Litai929Bliss: gei people, good tone, god. Self-worship. Take it easy.
　　Dear Mr. Ge, I also think that communism is the highest ideal of the group of human beings
　　But I also think that human beings are selfish, because the smallest unit of human beings is the "individual", which is a separate whole. No matter how developed the capital is, there will be competition and fights in the place of human beings. What do you think? How does it relate to Christianity?
　　
　　"Ge yimin: 50, how can people be equal? Now there is great injustice, the cooling of human love, material justice, and the law of conscience. Because of material inequality, modern people just want one thing: to make money. We advocate satisfying the "I" : matter, spirit, soul.
　　
　　In today's two major (social production and the Internet revolution), the realization of the concept of "ge yi democracy" and the realization of the communist society, the material conditions have been met, just as the spiritual conditions have been met, namely, the renewal of the human mind, the Gospel of ge yi democracy spread around the world and was accepted by mankind.
　　
　　ACTS 2:44 all who believe are in one place, having common use for all things. He sold his property and his goods (each according to his ability) and distributed them according to his need (each according to his need). This is a small communist society. Communism was first proposed by Christian theologians. Communism, as a doctrine, was first established by Christian theologians, and the concepts of "distribution according to work, distribution according to need" were first put forward by these theologians.
　　C. your eggs: god ge is a creation, time is four dimensional space, which means that god ge has already crossed dimensions.
　　>>>39, 20150825 dream: I am in an empty house, resemble the sun, and east rises west sets. The house is like a big clock. When people see me, they know the time.
　　687,   black unlined upper garment: there is one thing, to talk about.
　　This matter has been discovered before, but it has been ignored.
　　Today, the sudden awareness of this problem does not deal with, sooner or later a serious disaster.
　　That is the so-called "gang of ge yimin", etc.
　　After the usual observation on some post bar, I found.. The so-called god church of kris has occupied many tieba. Since the group was discovered in the Chinese saint bar, it has been occupied everywhere like a fly without a head. At present, many tieba have fallen or are being infiltrated by it.
　　To this day, the kris gang still carries out infiltration activities on the main tieba, which has not been occupied by it. Put back to rest, Chinese saint, Chinese saint... As long as it is related to the prophecy, or the important members of the post bar personal post bar, it is the place they want to occupy. Including old tweets that have been blocked... Also has the saint bar former bar host Yin jingya's individual stick, also has all related place...
　　This problem cannot be ignored!
　　So, friends remind you staff, in the future, see this kind of infiltration paste, the head is a qr code to add a small person in the middle of this kind of, there are posts containing the word ge yimin, all the first closed after deleted!
　　If you have free time, you'd better make statistics, send these ID to me or ye lingzi fairy, we want to put these brain remnants into the blacklist!
　　Also posted a clean environment, firmly clean fly excrement.
　　Cold star cold moon: finally know the reason for the deleted post, about the topic of ge yimin can not talk about.
　　Title:
　　"Ge yimin sentence seven years that post who deleted ah?"
　　Body:
　　There's nothing wrong with it. If ge is in civilian, how this few years disappear quietly? 100% in jail. Ask the master and knowledgeable person for answers.
　　Answer :(jimo beauty)
　　I hope you don't post about ge, or it's not about cutting posts. This post will also be deleted in a short while, friends please self-respect, without your fans, no one will pay attention to these cult leaders.
　　Here is my opinion:
　　Because Ben ba has a article "children of jade mountain said: ziwei was born in 1969", this wencai is my hair ge yimin has been imprisoned post lead. After two LZ levels, the third floor immediately said ge yimin. Why didn't the bar delete his remarks? After all, things have come and gone.
　　I asked casually, sometimes, putting people in jail is also a form of protection, and labeling the cult leader does not allow people to post that he has been behind bars is not like protection of reputation? According to the principle, important case, the characteristics should be more publicity. Let others stop creating evil cults.
　　On the night of 19690131, the god ge yimin was born in jurong, jiangsu province, China. Such but don't delete, jail to want to delete.
　　Ge is known to foreign websites.
　　689, live in taihang mountain: China abounds with such villain as ge yimin!
　　Even the Christian bible can be tampered with, this kind of villain, is a big bad man, even his parents can kill!
　　>, >, > : we're writing ＾wordofgod￣s, not biblical corrections. ＾wordofgod￣s come from the bible, higher than the bible.
　　The saint in the picture always refers to a person who can have a significant impact on history
　　More to the supreme ruler. Ge yimin a trifle cult, mu monkey crown, jumping joker, yi-generous.
　　A saint is only qualified to be evaluated after he is born. None of them are self-proclaimed saints. Those who call themselves saints are either stupid or funny. Or stupid peiga.
　　If you can bring down the martial arts, ziwei xingming. Nature is a saint, or you'll be a bruiser.
　　Wang xian mushroom: is it interesting to render ge yimin constantly?
　　A steady stream of acceptance
　　Definitely a cult --?
　　A steady flow of ideas
　　Definitely a cult leader ----------------------------?
　　An idea is constantly being rendered
　　Definitely a cult ------------?
　　Silence and grief: the sage crape myrtle thanks all those who pretend to be him
　　Because of them, he became more and more famous, thanks to the great god ge yimin for his outstanding contribution.
　　The light of the night: ge yi people, the small god of the world, you tried your best.
　　Ge hua zhao yazhi: in reality, if this is not possible, it can be regarded as a savior
　　Ge hua zhao ya zhi
　　Thank you. You're handsome, too. I read your email
　　Ge hua zhao ya zhi
　　Can we see your work online
　　Ge yimin 2015-09-20 17:59:09
　　All of my web site, http://www.gegod.com/lj.htmll
　　Ge hua zhao ya zhi
　　It's all about theology, right?
　　Ge yimin, 2015-09-20 18:20:54
　　Christian communism
　　Ge hua zhao ya zhi
　　I'm looking at the last email you sent, the ＾wordofgod￣ you wrote
　　Ge hua zhao ya zhi
　　I'm curious
　　Ge hua zhao ya zhi
　　What do you mean by dreams in your book?
　　Ge hua zhao ya zhi
　　Your dreams?
　　Ge yimin on September 20, 2015 18:31:50
　　yes
　　Ge hua zhao ya zhi
　　Have you been keeping track of every dream you've had since then?
　　Ge yimin. 2015-09-20 18:32:53
　　Since 2001,
　　Ge yimin, 2015-09-20 18:33:09
　　It used to be clear
　　Ge hua zhao ya zhi
　　Are you so divine in your dreams?
　　Ge hua zhao ya zhi
　　If that's the case, it's a savior
　　Ge yimin, 2015-09-20 18:35:36
　　I yes
　　Ge hua zhao ya zhi
　　You had an almost supernatural dream
　　Ge hua zhao yazhi
　　Are you afraid of these dreams
　　Ge yimin. 2015-09-20 18:41:23
　　No, happy
　　Ge yimin. 2015-09-20 18:41:34
　　Is the son of god
　　Ge hua zhao ya zhi
　　Son of god?
　　Ge yimin on September 20, 2015 18:42:24
　　Chapter 16 the testimony of the god of kris
　　Ge hua zhao ya zhi
　　The "?
　　Ge hua zhao ya zhi
　　What shall we do on the day the earth is destroyed?
　　Ge yimin, 2015-09-20 18:46:32
　　13. Therefore, in 2019, the end of the world (the end of the world) came, and god kris became king, ending the rule of gentiles and establishing the kingdom of god (the communist society).
　　Lu tianpeng 111: the first half of ＾wordofgod￣ is wonderful! The second half is not flattering!!
　　Something is the human consensus phenomenon! That is the ancient and modern Chinese and foreign understanding of the same.
　　My family is going to die mother: not to mention the true and false of the saint
　　If he were, I would rather believe that fang zhouzi, ge yimin, excessive President wu fan, can not say the minstrel these people are saints.
　　Tiangang star 2013: you ge yimin also cast a more "hidden" banner - love and communism.
　　Ha... In fact, I tell you kris. You throw these two flail up of the flag, is in - the bullshit! That's what you're really -- a ＾wordofgod￣!
　　Freefighter: your observation of kris is accurate
　　You are more logical than he is, but he is more blessed than you. He was willing to decide to stand at the gates of heaven and see through discussion and even argument, even though he did not agree with the bible. He has a correct assumption and belief that god exists, that the bible is god's word. It was not a decision of one's own wisdom, but of god's choosing and working. You may be smarter than him, but you're still working under the false assumption that you haven't seen god's grace and reality. But because you want to think, not be cold, you are hopeful. May the truth of god come to you soon.
　　Tiangang star 2013: reply to the so-called team of ge yimin and his water army:
　　Hey hey! Christ belongs to religion (heart), and communism belongs to politics (thought). Without the three essential features of human civilization, fraternity (emotion). Then. Please ask you kris. What else can you give me to come up with to unify, and; How to build a common civilization in the world? Hey hey! Can you unify -- all the sectarianism and politics in the world? Can you give me a sense of the boundaries of all the countries in the world? What's your basis? Where are the roots? Do you really think that the basis, or even the foundation, that you claim is unimpeachable? Ha ha! In fact, your own, has not really found - north!
　　Hey hey! You mustn't slip out of your so-called "god" - false gods before me! For at this time he, on the 25th of September, was still at my feet, constantly crying out to all his disciples around the globe -- 925 -- quick 9 -- 250 -- himself! Hey hey! How to save? Not your so-called incarnations and the madness of believers, but all of you, must give me the honest return - surrender! Because that's the only way. I Chinese real person - 81V70, just can break that already nail on his body of a thousand years of - cross! To save him - one of the swindlers of human civilization over thousands of years - Jesus, yahweh!
　　Thus visible! The doctrine of your so-called Christian communism is, in itself, a mere Sisyphean Sisyphean - a scrap of paper!
　　Ha ha! Do you still have more than 200,000 words? Two words, are wasting brain cells and paper!
　　Ge hua tianxin: ge yimin, good morning!
　　Yesterday baidu saw your data, square know you are a celebrity, young youwei, just tube praise and blame differ, walk oneself of road let other people say go, the person lives can not be mediocre, either a historical record, or a bad year, appreciate your talent and ability, meet very late!
　　701, ren love you yue er: ge is sentenced of the posts have gone
　　BUT some day will come, and at best, ge is a martyr.
　　Tiangang star 2013: realize your kris society? Communist society?
　　One, what kind of society are you in? Is it possible to achieve your egotistical world of Christ by ghosting? You can find out Christ, god, and give me two steps before the people!
　　Two, don't say communism itself is in - draw bread to allay hunger! And if so, how can you unify all of the world's sectarian and political beliefs -- the spiritual and ideological values? How does the border open?
　　If you can't do what I mentioned above, where is the foundation for what you call the realization of Christian communism? Fancy? Ha ha! You are a dreamer - kris!
　　What you call the two big (social production and the Internet revolution) and spiritual renewal are the basic points that you can achieve great harmony?
　　Well, isn't it true that human thought can't be ignored? Can emotion also be left behind? Are you still a full human?
　　What a fart! Trying to lock people's minds through brain control. Let all mankind become only the personification that will recognize you this false immortal - ge yimin...
　　Ha ha! You're playing with deadly ambition!
　　Come on, you naughty kris. Want to be a person the personification of false god, that do not fear me Chinese crape myrtle: 81V70 direct examination to you ask! I will directly ease you - ge yimin!
　　703, jimo jiayi: as long as the mention of the three words of the post will be deleted
　　I delete the posts about the promotion of cults, no matter what the purpose is, as long as the posts mention the three words "ge yimin" are deleted, also hope that the friends of the bar do not free for the promotion of cult organizations.
　　This is the consensus of all posts bar, not my decision alone, friends, please self-respect.
　　704, evidence can way: in the post all have "ge yi people" three words, no matter what said inside, delete.
　　Because ge, who now had a thick-skinned face, said that he had been sent to prison, and that it was for him to become famous, and that it was his hope.
　　705, aa7022766: ge yi people every day to boast when being a saint is also white when can not make sentient beings.
　　Holding the sun and the moon in hands and stepping on the stars: the typical example of such a cult group as ge yi-min's unsealed pasting bar is the secret of pushing back
　　At that time, ge yimin's people had dozens of ids every day in the secret bar to promote the cult, and the big bar and the small bar were ignored, the latter needless to say.
　　Pear snow and rain change tenderness: 7. The main thought and academic achievement of ge yi-min is the book of ge yi-min. 
　　"In 2004, the first draft of the book was written and published on the Internet, followed by the first draft of the manifesto written by ge hua xun and ge yi people's party (the Christian communist manifesto). The ministry of education, training and publicity will be updated continuously. (Christ in the time of the kingdom -- Christ of grace)
　　The book of goe yi-min by "one, the book of vision; Revelation book; Book of love; Books of dust and dust; 5. Spiritual writings; The book of eternal life; Vii. Kingdom books; Political and economic books; 9. Quotations; There are ten parts in line biography.
　　"The self-appointed Christ of kris is more aptly called a prophet, and the modern prophetic book the kris scriptures is considered a biblical amendment. He came from two sources: Christianity and communism, so he was called a religious thinker. "About 40% of the contents are his personal information, part of which is divine inspiration." (ge yimin: the great Internet religious thinker)
　　The entire basis for proving the value of the book of kris is the "divine revelation" narrated by kris. For example, he says, "god says," I am god, listen to him." "Refers to kris. "This is my beloved son," god said, "listen to him." (" the book of the vision ")
　　This should be known. He is god. Listen to him.
　　Turn allied waterside 01: a nuclear war that destroys the world
　　A group of refugees living on the cheap
　　It's a very strong bunker
　　Ruled by kris
　　People at shelter 101, under the shelter of goi people, no longer have to worry about mutants and lack of bottle caps
　　Where does freedom go from here
　　Fallout 5: Rise of the Yimin
　　Comming soon
　　709, meg. jen: so, kris is the standard heresy.
　　All those who advocate lust are heretics! All who do not preach with purity are heretics! These evil ways have been clearly stated in the harsh scriptures. It is obvious to all who are interested.
　　710, luo ai you yueer: ge yimin, what the communist god teaches Christianity what of, feel his such conception is quite funny.
　　Aileen chang: I think of kris coming. He is known for his anti-kris banner.
　　712, earth wang jinlong: geyi people, people do not have interest value of things, is always a poor bastard!
　　713. X shentang sauce X: ge yimin is one of the most flamboyant gods.
　　What is it, kris? Why should I listen to him
　　What the law says we should listen to him, and what can I say if I don't listen to him? Good ＾wordofgod￣ I got your name. Bye.
　　Also tell you that ge yi people, in the ancient times that called ziwei emperor, not called ziwei saint, no culture and no disgrace.
　　715. Yiyu warlord: and those who commit heresies on the Internet like ge yimin
　　No saint is needed in peacetime, only in troubled times. What are those who write books, brick-makers and scholars, who play religion and spread the word, and those who are engaged in a cult on the Internet? Think about it. Someone who can change the fate of mankind, who can change the way of life of the whole earth for thousands of years, will appear in these unreliable ways? So don't take it as a reason why a clown can be a saint, you keep sending out psychosexuality posts also useless, god is determined who is a saint, who is, he does not want to also have to do. Instead, it's no use pretending. When a saint comes out, he will be robbed, and the whole world will be flooded with blood, because he was the god of war in the sky in his previous life. He is here to turn the world upside down!
　　Rebirth B3523: it is a great thing in the world for ge to marry zheng hui
　　We sincerely wish two great saints a match in heaven and a great cause in life.
　　Holy dew: the queen of grace, the queen of heaven, dies.
　　Shenhua emperor: you, "godhead", should get rid of the evil ways and return to the right. You are not good men.
　　719. Tiangang star 2013: what I want to remind is: ge yimin is more than just a theory of ＾wordofgod￣s that is so simple.
　　Ha ha! Whoever it is. If you want to subvert China's plot through all the hostile political forces at home and abroad, in the world is in the current national pattern, then it can only be a daydream! Whether you want to go through politics, religion, democracy, human rights and so on, you will end up with total failure!
　　Ha ha! Have you, kris, come to Christ and communism? Is this not the so-called "justice" banner of Hong Kong's "occupy central" period? What kind of crap are you? If you really want to talk about civilization, it shouldn't be a furtive, hidden clique. But should rely on the open and aboveboard, can win the world people can actually obtain, the common civilization ability.
　　Ha ha! Throw out a Christ - a false god to be your "flag bearer's vanguard," ha... Do you not know that this is already proved, is yourself and defeated you! Hey hey! It's all zero! Because your people -- they're a bunch of crap. So I have to ask an unreal - god, also come to you to make a dog - painted skin!
　　Ha ha! Do you know why I must tread you down? Hey hey! Because what you want to do, and what you are doing, in fact, is trying to subvert the Chinese land of all my sons and daughters! The government, as well as the communist party of China, is just a sign you can use to stir up trouble. (despite her flaws, even her mistakes)! But...
　　Hey hey! You are playing with fire and setting yourself on fire.
　　Winter of light snow dancing: ge yimin and xi, the result of the tryout, the winner should be the latter.
　　721, late-night symphony: since the bookstore has seen ge's ＾wordofgod￣s
　　Since then, I have been suffering from the disease of middle two. I think it is very good that the god ge said to make the site as much as the toilet. Why do you want to spray me?
　　722. Late night symphony: count Chinese and foreign wonders [＾wordofgod￣]
　　This is another wonderful book after the bible, which immediately went viral on the Internet. My brother said, since I saw the ＾wordofgod￣s of the kris, I feel a lot. Kris is a man of god, and this is a good book to recommend to everyone.
　　723, Candle bulletin: the rise of two new talents in the divine-rod world, ge yimin and jin xin
　　More or less attracted the attention of atheists, but is it really good to replace traditional popular science posts with this kind of fast-food entertainment?
　　724, earth wang jinlong: stand up to oneself this basket sky! Against the impurity of deception, to crack down on kris!
　　The ge family little mouse, not very familiar with the national conditions. Hu qi neurosis, brain disorder. What is more, he does not know the sufferings of the people. Do not know the officialdom black, cream a Confucian son. Some fancy prose, no serious work. Hundreds of thousands of words are worthless. You know how to save the world? Repent early, lest you be condemned!
　　725. Who is ge yimin? Why does baidu encyclopedia have him
　　The wisdom of the light rain: great Internet religious thinker activist, god writer, male, born in 1969 in zhenjiang, jiangsu province, China, graduated from the department of Chinese language and literature of nanjing university. God, the author of the modern prophetic ＾wordofgod￣, is appraised as a biblical amendment. His ideas came from two sources: Christianity and communism. ＾wordofgod￣s are his personal message, a reflection on reality and the future, part divine inspiration.
　　726. Job80: something wrong with kris, you can point out to help him
　　Helping anyone realize their dreams is what a good man should do. He should show sympathy and great love to anyone, his enemies and competitors.
　　I Chinese teacher: ge is my idol
　　As title.
　　728. Counselor wang, appointed by the general manager, asked the professional
　　Today, the bar was closed for 10 days, said what wheel, kris, the world alliance, wheel kris I have heard, but the world alliance is what ghost? Please open the chuan to answer, in the future to force the oil swollen xie.
　　>>> xu kaichuan: which have what world alliance, psychosexuality crazy devil make up.
　　729, HGCHPC: ge jiao can only make people think of wang Lin's collection of photos of Chinese people.
　　730. Ge hua ho: a bit like a former Hong Kong actor
　　Ge hua ho rhyme 19:01:09
　　You know what? You look like an actor
　　Ge hua ho rhyme 19:01:37
　　It's kind of like the Hong Kong actor before
　　GeYiMin 19:01:48
　　Oh, thank you
　　GeYiMin 19:01:57
　　You said tang zhen zong
　　Ge hua ho verse 19:02:07
　　is
　　GeYiMin 19:02:35
　　Like Michael. Jackson
　　Ge hua he rhyme 19
　　for
　　Holding the sun and the moon with both hands and feet on the star: ge yimin claims to be 100,000 water troops
　　Millions of people, tens of millions of people posted a lot of, must be targeted at this bar, and can not go, such people I have not seen.
　　Make me call the police and shut them down 
　　Daily publicity this ge yi people said is the divine language will be a big event in 2019 ge yimin will save human beings and sell ＾wordofgod￣.
　　A lazy fellow A: kris is A lunatic, I don't know how many people will die.
　　734, the evening sun red yangko team leader: ge yimin shou god shou, the first SB2SB on the Internet god shou communication mode!
　　735, q40hhhhh: what's the weird Posting?
　　Ge is a people, what ghost of religion posted to us come. And it's a strange kind of teaching.
　　I believe in kris, the modern Christ.
　　737, tiangang star 2013: heh heh! Kris doesn't care about money!
　　Because he has the wealth power behind him. Hey hey! None of this is the real dilemma he has encountered so far. And what really keeps him forever, and; I also have to give up arms to give me honest surrender, can only be me!
　　Hey hey! Since you - ge is not willing to be the first crab people, hey hey! Then I will make you a -- the first to perish -- the scum of human civilization!!
　　Hey hey! You are such a naughty little imp god, to me, itself that is very easy!
　　Ha ha! I GangFeng sword, if really on the kids like you little gods, ha... Then you don't have to fight fakes! And I certainly must be a worthy of the real, the counterfeit - China's first - China crape myrtle!
　　Forest charmer and stone: ge yimin, Christian, anti horse god religion
　　Want to satisfy their desire to rule, as god himself let people worship.
　　False prophets, antichrist's descriptions can be found in the bible.
　　Tiangang star 2013: ge yimin, you are only one
　　I was behind the evil forces trying to subvert my Chinese civilization, launched - cannon ashes and the clown just!
　　A man in front of me who would never dare to open himself up to what he preached, what he called god, would dare to meet the people of the world. Hey hey! I'll never make him!
　　Tiangang star 2013: others are tampering, while he -- ge yimin
　　It is an attempt to cover up what is called - Christian communism! Hey hey! Pediatrician! In fact, he and the people behind him, is not a good thing!
　　Theoretical control robot: ge yimin is a strange one
　　Q40hhhhh: why are there some strange postings? Some kind of religious post has been posted to us. And it's a strange kind of teaching.
　　The spectre of communism: these are all hired cyber armies.
　　I believe in god; I fall from heaven on earth and save men.
　　Elephants and socialism: what dog stuff does ge yimin have?   Heresy, go to hell.
　　A bunch of psycho dogs that are psychosexuality all day, shit?   You have a thick face.
　　＾wordofgod￣ copied the bible -- bah, Jesus Christ?   Do you know that you are idolaters? 
　　Silly beliefs, pathetic! Anyone who's been to elementary school can tell what you're talking about.
　　Don't go out there and try to use Christ as a lifesaver, pathetic! You are far away from god, and god will be far away from you!   A great man who misinterprets the bible, who falsifies it, who claims to be the son of god? !   I spit in your mouth, satan held you how tight.
　　King jinlong of earth: the god of ge yi people will never be seen by the people of the world! God is negative energy.
　　745, earth wang jinlong: the sage of crape myrtle recognizes ge yimin as the invisible god of the world
　　It is negative energy, ge yi people from now on can not eat, can not interfere Yang on everything! Qin this!
　　It is a great celebration and great event for people all over the world.
　　Metaphorically, the heyday of the global ideological revival era has come! Under the coverage of Internet technology, the era of integrating new ideas with new ones and creating common benefits will surely inspire the people of the world to endure humiliation, and the era of dedicating the world and showcasing the essence has come! Global communist society 2019 is coming true!
　　747. Rule of law: I see it and feel it is another kris, too idealistic.
　　Venus AAA: wang jianghuo's article "guard against the rampant new cults" thoroughly criticized the people like ge yimin, he is not a short time for similar people, please be noted!
　　748. Job80: you criticize @gay-people. In fact, his academic level is higher than yours.
　　Venus AAA: is there any kind of scholarship which is worthy of being criticized alone?
　　Yin jing, fengci: this strange lady was conferred a strict title by the people of ge fart
　　It became a farce of ridicule in the bar of kris. But at that time, the inexplicable lady actually had the feeling of being "on the bridal sedan chair"! What a laugh! Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
　　A big old woman who is more than ten years older than kris people is actually the imperial sister of the god of ge fart? No correction from this chick! Enjoy it, don't you? Ha ha ha ha ha ha.
　　Truck people's words: kris got them more than two years ago. Who knows
　　After all, there are billions of people who are stupid enough to believe such nonsense.
　　751, there is a camera to win the champion: ge yimin "novel MAO use." Looks like this is a very down to earth god. Please forgive me for laughing.
　　You may not fly: which is better, brother kenji or brother chanchen?
　　Flying fates impact birds: it should be sealed. Like this so many people of wu dajiang and people of ge yimin.
　　I don't know what I'm talking about. This god, that god's.
　　Passing by after the light: is it god who is stupid that has nothing to do with us?
　　Want to make propaganda also close people a bit? Are you ready to start teaching? It is better to be conjectured by the dozens of people who crowd the doghouse.
　　755, earth wang jinlong: kaoyimin gathered bandits 10,000 people to carry out terrorist activities
　　Disturb me hua xia, this person does not arrest house arrest will cause huge security to cover criminal!
　　756, yo _ great: religion is GeYiMin self-appointed state they denied again is not a cult?
　　Ge hua: no organization, so it's not a cult. Emerging beliefs.
　　757, earth wang jinlong: since the time when the kris released him as a god, he has announced his own death on behalf of kris!
　　Genesis says that the man of god has lost his flesh, that is, he has disappeared in this world!
　　758, zhang yunjie reborn: President yunjie, you have attracted the attention of the famous kris ge in sina weibo
　　Herder yunjie: oh, god stick, yi scholar, female star, model, literary and art personage, top student in school, even political Z personage and so on pay attention to me, this is very normal!
　　And I, until now, have been in the dark about a lot of things!
　　Gzwayh: who is kris? Seems like a lot of people have been hyping him up all this time?
　　We have put "ge yimin" in every word
　　No matter what the content is, it is regarded as a "cult" post, which has been firmly closed and deleted.
　　When he saw the three words of kris, he made people vomit.
　　From now on, this does not change the original intention, any post has "ge yimin (or homophone word)" the word, as deleted not wrong! You must call god holy, each man to his own tieba weigh!!!!
　　Yuxuan T_T: kris, didn't he say that he would become a ＾wordofgod￣ this year
　　It's the end of the year now. You're not going to survive a nine-day lightning raid, are you? That's pathetic. Oh, right,
　　Why can't you kris? I don't know if you watch the news, but there is an organization of the same nature as you called the huazangzong gate
　　The ringleader is dead! Well, after all, the somebody else is also high, not can't focus on r (s _ t) q you, however, a low profile
　　! How can this be! ? How to carry it forward? ! How to spread the Gospel to the people! ? After all, you're not famous, the people who know you
　　Much. Are you content to be worshipped by a few ignorant people? ! Shortsightedness!!! As one to save lives for
　　Is this the only ambition of our god? ! What a disappointment! You know, there are many people living in hell
　　Wait for you to spread the Gospel! God entrusts you to save the poor! Instead of letting you be happy in this three-acre field
　　At ease! Where is your compassion? ! Think about it, nerds!
　　From now on, unless you can prove you can live forever.
　　I believe that you are the son of god and do not ask you to be all-powerful.
　　"Ge hua: yes, ge yimin (19690131-- forever).
　　The old anarchist spear: kris may be satan because satan is now creating a church in China.
　　
　　765, ab734690577: who is ge yimin
　　>>> orange juice good COOL: an Internet cult, have his post bar, at sixes and sevens makes the cult member feel is a serious illness
　　>>>ab734690577: oh remember the ＾wordofgod￣s. The bible is undefeated and the emperor's sutra is defeated only by the di and Yin sutra.
　　766, Internationale: grace, I have to say, you match the title
　　You're a lunatic, and there's no cure. Self-styled leader of modern communism.
　　Zearatul: I went. I thought kris was calling for the so-called "moderate revolution"
　　Hang communist sheep head, the god stick that sells feudalistic religion dog meat cheated a few people, see the SB in the society is not little.
　　Well, I don't know what I'm talking about. I'm spinning a lot of gibberish, most of it against the stick. Are you blind or stupid?
　　768, eternal material appearance being fostered じ : GeYiMin the declaration of god party, strong feeling of the celestial system of field.
　　Zearatul: you say luo yufeng is much better, just match the shameless god stick of ge yimin.
　　I believe in the people of kris, the only son of god, who has come down from heaven to save mankind.
　　The divine power was ordered: what is the origin of ge yimin? Why have you seen it in the bar several times? Is it a cult?
　　Divine power was ordered: ID: holy girl shu qi is a brain-damaged person of ge yimin, please seal.
　　Have ge ＾wordofgod￣ everyday, cannot pull blacklist into? I heard you could.
　　Be it ever so shameless, these people are blasting advertisements every day
　　Care about your friend's feelings?
　　If you want to promote, you should know something about marketing, psychology and "consumer psychology".
　　Forget it. Talking to a robot is a waste of time.
　　Dr. Novel li: in my opinion, [the ＾wordofgod￣] Mr. Kris and communism
　　Pulling the communist faith onto the historical train of Christ, believing that only the souls of men in heaven can have great harmony, happiness, and the pain of non-death.
　　To live forever is a sin, and this kind of soul beyond the body of god philosophy communism, there is no point.
　　The reincarnation of Christ in tieba is also an anti - thief
　　The main reason for the uprising was that the propaganda was of great significance.
　　Celestial class: the Christ reincarnation in tieba ge is also a anti - thief.
　　The divine power is ordered: ge neurosis too much, is also drunk
　　Bullying day xiao: ge is what
　　Yt2642009909: kris is a yahweh, a bit of a cult. Convert the scriptures.
　　Bullying day xiao:... What so many evildoers...
　　Yt2642009909: for cylon!
　　777, novel li: the ＾wordofgod￣ savior ge yimin department
　　In the siege of master yu ba, the old Christian female bodhisattva, the Buddha, the god of qigong, ＾wordofgod￣ savior ge yi-min system, the masses gather together the incurable disease of traditional Chinese medicine, the original space is not large, everyone crowded around it.
　　Dr. Li xin: the new Christian communist savior represented by ge yi-min
　　Saints, as a result of the tang yi people master TuiBei figure, indeed, people enter the feverish speculation, and the saint who it was, people began to argue, wild, have represented by GeYiMin ＾wordofgod￣ trend new Christ the savior, communism has crashed into a saint mire incorrigible demonic the sick, and female bodhisattva apparent to amen socialism with Chinese characteristics, the Chinese teaching of Christianity, which goes against the original Christian doctrine, neither fish nor fowl, thus, Christianity is anyone you can literally change and innovation, is it?
　　New Dr. Lee: the omnipotence of god ge yimin, saving mankind for eternal life.
　　All the speeches, reflecting Chinese characteristics, even buddhist lecturers, also bring Buddhism masters to Chinese characteristics, as well as socialism with Chinese characteristics, scientific communism with Chinese characteristics, Christianity with Chinese characteristics, and communism with new god.
　　As far as theory and practice are concerned, China has emerged with Chinese characteristics. Now, China has entered the world stage and is just like a small world and the root of world civilization. Various formats ---
　　Each offers the so-called truth of the theory and practice of saving the whole human being.
　　780, dried maple warms the blood: and the kind of sticky flatworm ge yi people, his stupid lack of powder constantly harassing
　　Why? If it's an apocalyptic, prophetic flow, I admit it. But they don't see any mercy, all overbearing and wanting to stand up for themselves
　　Your status. Some of these people are false prophets, some of them are just not hairy I am slow,
　　And the kind of sticky flatworm ge yi people, his silly powder kept harassing. There's no future for flies, they just hang around and get cleaned up. But they are still
　　Entanglement. Just like the wheels, the final feeling is annoying and stubborn. I can't benefit anyone else. There is no dedication, only propaganda
　　It yourself. No faith, but stubborn.
　　781, 2624359029: ge yimin
　　   The main thought and academic achievement is the book of ge yimin. 
　　   Identification, and the ancient prophecy, theory of light has not to reveal human nature of the problems and solutions, and there is no practice, crape myrtle saint is to save all mankind, GeYiMin theoretical limitations on religion, salvation and people to serve the people did not, from the story, spirit, moral, culture, personality, quality, sentiment, mind, knowledge and boldness, thoughts such as comprehensive look, does not meet the crape myrtle GeYiMin saint. 
　　Dry maple warm blood: I don't know about your fart and bullshit
　　I saw ge in 4 years stick, let ge do 10 thousand benefit people of good matter, again do 10 thousand raise people sexual affection degree of matter, come again publicize not late, the product that roll out now does not have competitive power attraction. It's better to watch a movie with special effects.
　　Do not set up your own righteousness against the righteousness of god. All glory to god has nothing to do with ge. You have never seen your desire to glorify god, and therefore you have not been respected. If you give glory to god, it will make people think highly of you as individuals.
　　Good Gospel truth will not listen, must stand on its own two feet.
　　783, run 2015: what ge is the flow of people do not say!
　　A saint does not call himself a saint when he does not contribute to mankind.
　　He was also a megalomaniac who called himself a saint. I have read his article, and he has some wisdom!
　　Ge your life: it is not ge yimin who is making a ＾wordofgod￣, it is that western old horse's body is going to transform from atheism to god.
　　785, thousand Pa 7 K uncle: some people headed by @ GeYiMin, create "religion"
　　I have solemnly reported to @micro-blog little secretary @baidu tieba.com that the ministry of public security has cracked down on four evils: some people, led by @kaoyimin, have created their own "religion" and deified themselves, and have long been promoting evil cult thoughts on the Internet, harassing others and making profits from it!
　　786, vanstar: the god of kris, the god of horse, the upgraded version of utopia 2.0.
　　787, xiao fly xia: ge yi people, reading is not your reading, you are hong xiuquan second
　　It is an international entertainment.
　　Look at this demagogue decrying people, religious communism, claiming to be the party. Such a man is most shameless.
　　788, lecron: the god religion led by kris is a true cult ~ ~ ~ dizzy to death! Baidu doesn't care.
　　Lecron: what does it mean not to organize? Kris you this has been clearly displayed as a kind of network cult organizations good or not
　　790, thousand hand close uncle: usually @ small secretary and baidu, have response.
　　So much @ this time, but nothing happened. Does the god of kris really have a background?
　　Lecron: kris how lonely and empty they are.
　　Haha... It turns out that the Internet is really a mirror, reflecting all the potholes of society. Alas, perhaps this is a lack of letter
　　Look up to... That's why demons are in charge.
　　792, job80: kris is a man of skill. Unfortunately, his strategy is wrong
　　Therefore, even if he has divinity, he can't be a saint. A saint should not only have good theory, but also have strong practical ability. A saint should be a real success.
　　What is ge yimin's origin?
　　Source: zhihu
　　Nobody, a cult of his own, and oddly enough, under the name of communism (never a savior, never a god emperor, to create human happiness, all by ourselves!).
　　794, wang su talk: "ge yimin" cult gang, in post bar to promote the content of cult
　　Use the trumpet to stir up the fire, trying to confuse people. Their behavior has disturbed the normal order of tieba, impeded the daily communication of its friends, and even
　　Has already violated the criminal law. Please all the followers of Leninism bar and related people to report the theme posts, reply posts and cult trumpets to the manager of this bar
　　Can also actively provide clues to relevant departments and jointly fight against cults.
　　795, underwater thirty thousand and one meter: gee-people's ＾wordofgod￣s are playful, who letter lost.
　　796, road fengchuan: this ge yi people's adult for publicity, really do everything to use its pole
　　Self-destruction, praise, fame, notoriety... How could a man be so tired!
　　I have a brief look at your information. Accepting believers is the biggest mistake you make.
　　Nonsense cocoa man: do you mean kris? He seems to be a new religious boss
　　I don't know if it's going to turn into a cult, but some people say he's good, some say he's a big liar. Anyway, I don't like him, my religious view is waiting for god to give the answer, other themselves to look, reference to the line, I can have a world view, but do not worry about god. Of course, thinking is necessary, but these are not guidelines.
　　Nonsense cocoa man: kris is not the first, nor the last
　　But before, someone said he was the last.
　　Part of kris's remarks were disparaged by many of the previous gods (who, like him, called themselves gods). It's also something that many of the scriptures of faith despise. If you do not repent, you will be punished by god.
　　799, wds3355715: if only you were free to call kris
　　But I have to tell you As long as no one reports Zf doesn't care about Er...... Or, to put it this way, not a lot of witness reports
　　If you were free, it would be nice to hit kris... Took care of him for me, and many thank you.
　　Peng zu: who is ge yimin? Tell me about his misdeeds?
　　Wds3355715: you go to the god bar, gee-people bar, they created another one.
　　Eight hundred, happy water bitter earth: for example, ge yi people, you think he crazy or cheat money color?
　　As for those who give long speeches, maybe they are learning ge yimin, maybe they really think they have some great theory. As long as there is no cheating, let them go, touch the walls a few times, in order to survive nature will see these. You're not Notre Dame, you don't have to be so much.
　　801. Xuanwei xinyin: god's stick ge yimin thought two major sources: Christianity and communism.
　　Take advantage of crape myrtle saint faith to collect people in post bar.
　　802. Draw a circle: you are ge yimin
　　Lost Maya 159: my books are mostly academic, not missionary, not kris.
　　803. Soldier on the march: when I first heard about the god of kris, I refused.
　　Because, you can't let me believe, I go to letter immediately, first I want to try, because I don't want to letter later again add a few special effects up, whole person "MAO" 1, very tall, very handsome, very wisdom. In this way, everyone will scold me, there is no such ge yimin, prove that the above is false.
　　804. Wen zhi yi: the ＾wordofgod￣ of ge yimin is an interception of the bible, but the subject is changed.
　　805, the way can way: estimate Yin Jing and watchers after marriage economy too Qun presses
　　By the saint of ge yi people with money posted bar together with the couple's ID bought. She and her husband settled down to take the kid to the White House.
　　806. The question of selling ID is my educated guess.
　　If the watchman wants to retrieve the original ID, he only has to make another statement at the saint's bar, but the fact is that he did not make a statement, leaving the saint of Goethe to take up his pipi propaganda ＾wordofgod￣. Now "Yin jing ya bar" from the first half of 2013 to now, is all ＾wordofgod￣. Two ID change ＾wordofgod￣ together successively, this matter, can only have a money respect reason to speculate. The watchman is a totally neurotic stooge, and I don't believe it unless there's a money reason.
　　Visk998: where did Christ come from without god of the people of kris?
　　To scold the people as communist party lackeys is to insult the communist party of China.
　　During the Anti-Japanese War, the traitors who defected to the Japanese invaders became known as stooges.
　　You call ge the communist stooge, in your mind the communist party and Japan devil equates! How dare you to rebel!!!
　　If, this is only your personal opinion, hope you revise in time, do not live in the illusion of faith.
　　If that's the case for most of your fellow congregants, your religion is in serious danger.
　　If you're young, start to mature. Love your country before teaching!!
　　Standing at the treetop to see the moon: the first to know, the rest of the gods
　　>>> contemporary representative of the hundred schools
　　GeYiMin,... And so on.
　　810. The nature of entertainment: ge yi-min in the middle ages does not let you taste the pain of the world
　　And then fire up the lake to see what would happen to heresy.
　　811. Evidence may say: we will Sue the public thief who has been harassing us for a long time!
　　We have a large number of original records in the post bar.
　　The Christian communists are above concealing their views:
　　In a future communist society where everyone has a normal marriage and children, and whose extra-marital affairs are not morally prohibited,
　　　　 In the future communist society, any adult men and women can go to wushan voluntarily. This kind of behavior is completely happy and harmonious to human beings without moral prohibition.
　　　　 Look at today's society, it seems that we have achieved "communism"! Is that what you want?"
　　　　 That's what it says.
　　You see, the communist planned parenthood, which was done by satan's will, created N million bachelors. Isn't it about teaching people "communist wives" and "going to wushan"? If you don't have the Christian communist faith, you're going to be in a mess.
　　Wdele: suggest national security bureau arrest ge yimin, unexpectedly with sisi, ningning, dongdong comparison
　　It distorts the nature of communism, completely ignores the utopian system in which leading cadres work so hard for the people that they have no time to save money at the bank, leading to the growth of cash. I don't even have time to play with my wife.
　　Jiachu e: the god religion of the people of ge, a sect born at the right moment, is a popular doctrine and possible believers.
　　Chinese_culture: ge yimin divinity, and monotheism, similar works.
　　Quite dry 56: Jesus was wiser than kaeus, but of the same nature.
　　It's just that he's wrong. I should have been born in that era. Born in the modern age, it's no use playing this game again. Many people abroad still play this game, but it is out of date. Mohammed, I'm afraid
　　817 china_hua121: virtual one of the so-called "ge yimin"
　　Then insinuate attacks, social isolation, play your mother's dog eggs go!
　　Prince he old man: ge yi people, a long time ago, a religious tobi
　　Say oneself is a saint what of, once come to should the bar publicize oneself of cow force. However, I don't know where he is now. For this
　　Kind of funny than, I saw his followers at the time posted a chuckle. That's all I know.
　　Children upside down: "the ＾wordofgod￣s", good book not good-looking.
　　820, universal concentric circle: ge yimin 2019, less than 4 years left! I don't think so
　　Too hasty!! You set this time without sufficient argumentation, then you will be discredited to the world.
　　>>> kris: 41, the two major (social production and the Internet revolution) of today, realize the right of ge yi democracy, realize the communist society, material conditions have been met, only wait for the spiritual conditions to be met, namely, update the human mind, ge yi democracy Gospel spread to the whole world, accepted by mankind.
　　821, china_hua121: don't admit "ge yimin" is virtual?
　　Then stick out an id card! Can not take out is a network cheater! The book that posted it? Can't stick it out? Also a net cheat!
　　Finally, luo yufeng found a talented person named ge yimin.
　　Oh, these words should be to him pull together hard.
　　823, the proletariat must win: there is also the kris, often come to proclaim what kris universe supremacy.
　　That I also discover a few times, hope to still increase supervise, that kind of post, delete as soon as have.
　　824. Jachuan: in the name of god, the religion is much higher than a wheel
　　     At least it shows that the Soviet communism under the great mentor had theoretical guidance and trials in the field of "communal wife". 
　　     But now in China, the communist party of China has not fully dredged up the feudal concept of "son preference", the implementation of compulsory family planning, resulting in serious gender imbalance. Even xie, an economist, put forward the idea that poor people can have wives together. 
　　　　 This situation does not inculcate the idea that everyone is a child of god, a brother and sister.
　　　　 So I say, "Christian communism" is a kind of "emerging doctrine, a doctrine that goes along with the flow" that does have a basis. There is a market where there is a demand.
　　　　 In my opinion, this sect, in the name of god, is much higher than the wheel, and well chosen.
　　"＾wordofgod￣" name is not good, the proposal changes to "radical common classics". A lot of bachelors can't find a wife, all make a homosexuality, AIDS high hair. It also helps to get these people to change their minds and join the community.
　　825. The proletariat must win: don't be disgusting here, or universal supremacy.
　　Don't promote disgusting people in this, also what ge yi people as a prophet, also by the whole human beings love, is really funny, after this kind of see a tip-off.
　　The proletariat must win: remember, what frailty of yours has nothing to do with marxism
　　We are asking questions with dialectical materialism, we are looking at problems from a scientific point of view, not any of your yy theology.
　　There is no scientific basis, also publicity what bullshit kuai people universe supreme, yy supreme almost.
　　>>> I'm reminded of the anti-klieg notice in the complete works of man.
　　827, the sea of life: these people do not publicize the intensity of the people ge yimin on the Internet on the mission was arrested
　　BBB 0 BBB b b b b b b 2 remember a name ge yimin is also 100,000 small mental retardation.
　　828, 519676893: contemporary Christian communism - the ＾wordofgod￣ > by ge yimin
　　Feel good authority.
　　Recently there has been a neuro-education on netease. It feels so stupid. Here's a passage to dispel the rumor
　　New scripture of kris
　　You can be a total atheist, you can be a complete thinker, but you can't be a complete atheist and a thinker, because people like that have committed suicide.
　　Interpretation: if a person is atheist and thinks about the nothingness of life, there is no point in living, so he kills himself.
　　The subtext: all self-proclaimed atheists have no thoughts.
　　Schopenhauer thought about the emptiness of life, but he did not commit suicide and was considered incomplete.
　　Solomon considered the emptiness of life, but he believed in god and finally said that the fear of Jehovah was the due of man.
　　"The scientific progress party of China: long live the self-organized chaos god religion!
　　"Atismo: this guy was in the baidu post bar side of the cult, and I heard that the authorities have been arrested into.
　　"Points to: truth: all things are not gods, only true gods; Hear, o children of god, kris.
　　"The elder brother of the younger brother carry a knife: this two goods toss about already had 5 years
　　General notes of gongyi democracy 20151214
　　In a communist society, everyone had absolute freedom without the possibility of a victim, material equality, and a conscience that made people work hard.
　　Communism is the last form of human society, necessarily perfect, of course democratic and free, and the best of both. communism
　　Government is not a dictatorship of the machine, but a mere service, a union of free men. National, individual freedom, all culture, because political democracy from
　　By mutual aid, economic equality, in a word, all people are brothers and sisters.
　　Marriage, children and family are the source of happiness, of course, some people do not need, a personal freedom, modern society is also a lot of unmarried infertility.
　　Conductor of causeway: ge yimin, the first network god stick in modern times.
　　832, liu 983216: ge yimin, knowledge and action combined? Then could you do it yourself first
　　What about being strict with yourself? I think it's reasonable to be a little tolerant of our own believers and our own people, because they are the ones who live with you! You are the oldest! Besides, you said you were a prophet. Could you tell me something about your life, family and other aspects in your uncivilized life so that people could know you better? Including your father, of course! Because everyone wants to know why god chose you, you are exactly what is good enough people have a role model! Can you tell everyone and your people? The great prophet
　　I would like to ask you what do you mean by going along with the trend? Master ge, the people are looking forward to your reply. Thank you very much!
　　Love god, does god need you to love? You don't love god, does god go mad?
　　"Ge yi-min: the core doctrine of divinity is not against anyone. My life experiences, see the ＾wordofgod￣.
　　Go along with the trend and create better conditions while making progress according to your own conditions.
　　God is alone, which is why he was created, so that he may have a love object.
　　833. Dz12309: do you know who is the emperor of st.
　　Master of ge, refresh could not be sealed before. The whole page is full of kris.
　　Kris means you're all rubbish here, and I'm not targeting anyone.
　　None of the leaders will come to st. Looks like he's been caught. The police are dead.
　　Before I sent a picture of ge yimin was blocked for a day. The impact is clear.
　　They also said I was kris. See if this person can't surpass? The emperor is still tender.
　　That was 13 years ago.
　　834, knabino: how many billions of people Jesus affected, how many times
　　Is it possible for the people of kris to speak with one another?
　　835, 257 false Christ: down with kris, kris hasn't fallen?
　　Jiachu e: when the long night is long, willing to be brainwashed fool.
　　837, Relal, Brett: alas, aliens have Jesus and won't want kris.
　　The nature of entertainment: the house of love, called home, is actually a battlefield
　　All sides are mixed. Protestants, catholics, buddhists, atheists, heresies. It's all over there.
　　In fact, the various religious forces in the major gods have paid attention.
　　Heresy, Sabbath, kris.
　　Vegetable soup 25: last night this silk (hang silk abbreviation) half a dream half a awake get a revelation: "you want to listen to him!" 
　　We in the holy circle are all familiar with this saying, yes, he is the one who comes to Ben bar all day long, a dream becomes holy, by Ben bar as a first class banned seed ge yi people's quote. But my inspiration was not to listen to him, or even to myself, but to him - Lord shang Yang, a brilliant legislator from the state of qin, five hundred years ago, a firm law enforcer, a celebrated defender of the law, and a man who stood up to heaven and earth as the father of reform.
　　Ge hua liu jialing: ge yimin has read the information you sent to my mailbox
　　If that's what you wrote, you're really a different person. Are you a man or a god?
　　It's really strange. The second Jesus is in zhenjiang. Zhenjiang is blessed.
　　841. Don muellas: a sermon given to Mr. Kris in the New Year
　　Earn a reputation by self - humiliation and self - smearing, no less than a clown! Eventually everyone will be a rat!
　　Zhang fanyong: ge yimin, ideal is good, reality is always bone sense
　　Popular feeling is not balanced! So I support your idea, but reality doesn't work, and everyone has the same heart to be perfect, but the reality is obviously, your idea is in heaven, so those who want to go to heaven, those who want to fight in this world, stay in this world.
　　Tiangang star 2013: ha ha! An insatiable and pretentious - ge yimin
　　Ask him and the rest of the team if they can jump out of my -- the declaration of the great harmony?
　　Liu 983216: ge yimin you really good heavy good thick local flavor!!
　　You don't have that swagger!! Everything you do depends on publicity and other people's blessing to you!!! Passive!!! Uncontrollable!!! Ok????? There are cultural... !!!!!!!!!! ? I have 100 ways to shoot Zeus down... ! You have the ability to publicize your ＾wordofgod￣ again!! Ok... ?
　　845. Seeing the ＾wordofgod￣, having problems in traffic, we pursue the divinity together for eternal life.
　　By his own will, and by his own will, the year of peace
　　I want to proselytize
　　By his own will, and by his own will, the year of peace
　　Can you make me a god?
　　GeYiMin 17:32:41
　　We seek immortality, godliness
　　Are you a man or a woman?
　　By his own will, by his own will, the year of peace
　　He's a man but he wants to be a woman
　　GeYiMin 17:33:34
　　Don't change. Stay where you are
　　I send ＾wordofgod￣ to your QQ mailbox
　　GeYiMin 17:38:10
　　See the ＾wordofgod￣, have the problem again traffic, pursue the divinity together, in order to eternal life.
　　Fly fairy wish: just turned over your record, you say that crape myrtle is the saint of crape myrtle ge yi people bar
　　... You play... I'm not a saint. I dare not deal with you.
　　847, nangong fire: see your situation, certainly know shanxi liu daochang and ge yimin bar
　　Madame du emperor: no. Kris did know they had been touched.
　　Zephyr: live forever. Used to be the base of kris, the god, and Ivan.
　　Annoying mortal 1993: what the hell is that man downstairs... His I post bar water very deep appearance...
　　Caiwei crazy: he may be a god geyi one of 3000, also can be ancient power. Son of a bitch, I'm being targeted!
　　Annoying mortal 1993: the Lord loves you for building socialism with him
　　CAI wei crazy: avoided, the teacher's heart is as strong as iron, Anne endure not to move, I wait for mortal's repeated provocation in his eyes is a tiny minnows. How could you open your eyes to a sinner like me
　　Annoying mortal 1993: saw once the teacher is still my fellow villager, it seems that if I also set up a school must be a zhenjiang altar of blood
　　Caiwei crazy: please take care of yourself, master ge is a sinner like me not to make a false move, such great perseverance saints can only Ivan and it is mutual pity.
　　850, lovely laugh: for a so-called saint, how many people ah!
　　The purple saint, o, whose head it is!
　　"Little jade fairy zun: start, kris, or??????
　　The people of kris believe little, because only one. I do not know god as low as high. The divine is not one, higher than the divine hierarchy.
　　God is as selfless as light.
　　Ge hua liu jialing: ge yimin, what you are doing now, should be a modern version of the bible
　　It's too big. Contemporary estimates will not be accepted. Feel you are too tired
　　I don't understand what you think.
　　"" ge yimin: my time is 2019
　　Yes, the ＾wordofgod￣ is the contemporary bible
　　I expect god to refresh your minds.
　　Gre: his mother forced the first time into philosophy bar to see the cult ah, ge yimin
　　Fucking also enough niubi, first by communism and by Christianity, again want to pull the letter of Marx, again want to pull the letter of Christianity, a while of communism, a while have theism, brother, you grow a point of the brain good, you his mama of the brain is really long dead???
　　853, screen surfers: warning passers-by a Monroe!
　　Tell you ge teacher, let him review the past few years of work, a good man!
　　Before renouncing evil from good, ge jiaozi deletes no hufeng decision!
　　I am looking for your prodigal son to return and be a man of integrity, not a cult leader who harasses the people.
　　"The proof can be said: the ge thief's post, among them regardless of other content, any have ge yimin (or his many ma3 jia3) three words, according to delete not wrong. He will never listen to advice, and need not give any word.
　　854. I'll bet with you now, what will you do if you can't realize your dream at that time?
　　Ge hua liu jialing 19:49:13
　　You're talented. Don't waste it
　　What a shame!
　　GeYiMin 19:50:15
　　thank you
　　Ge hua carina lau 19:50:26
　　That's my sister's advice to you!
　　Ge hua liu jialing 19:51:59
　　You think about your college friends, what are they successful at doing? What is life like? What are their values and status in society?
　　GeYiMin 19:52:51
　　I don't care. I'm a thinker
　　Ge hua liu jialing 19:53:37
　　Of course, if your book follows nature and truth, it will remain forever.
　　GeYiMin 19:54:03
　　You are thoughtful
　　My god purport
　　Truth: I am god; hear him.
　　Ge hua liu jialing 19:55:07
　　Well, I'm really humble. I can't reach your level
　　GeYiMin 19:55:35
　　You are a female thinker
　　Ge hua lau ka ling 19:56:14
　　Well, if I'm not wrong, you have hubris
　　GeYiMin 19:56:47
　　Think of divine
　　Ge hua carina lau 19:58:49
　　Don't be hard on yourself. Really, you have to listen to the voices around you, your family, your friends. Don't be opinionated!
　　GeYiMin 19:59:11
　　good
　　2019
　　Karina lau 20:00:32
　　When you write a book, write a book. What is god's will? Don't fool yourself there! Not good for you! Excuse me.
　　GeYiMin 20:01:12
　　Because you do not believe in god
　　Ge hua liu jialing 20:01:23
　　I have skimmed the bible and other metaphysical books
　　GeYiMin 20:01:37
　　But you don't believe
　　Ge hua liu jialing 20:02:06
　　I only take the true essence of its grounding gas
　　GeYiMin 20:02:58
　　What do you believe in?
　　Ge hua liu jialing 20:02:57
　　In fact, science proves that there are souls, I believe
　　I believe in real nature
　　Ge hua liu jialing 20:04:24
　　No religion
　　GeYiMin 20:04:58
　　naturalist
　　Ge hua lau 20:05:04
　　I think it's the rulers who bind people's minds
　　But I don't do anything bad
　　Ge hua liu jialing 20:06:07
　　Know to be simple, true and kind
　　GeYiMin 20:06:10
　　You are influenced by horse education
　　Ge hua liu jialing 20:07:09
　　Ha ha, is that time comes of person, but also feel that the thought of marxist-leng killed a person
　　So, I'm following nature now
　　GeYiMin 20:07:57
　　A natural leader
　　Carina lau
　　Ge hua liu carina 20:08:10
　　Ha ha
　　Ge hua liu carling 20:08:57
　　I'm not you naive, always want to be a teacher!
　　What did you do as a teacher?
　　Say that see
　　GeYiMin 20:09:53
　　evangelization
　　Ge hua liu carina 20:10:14
　　A specific point
　　GeYiMin 20:10:19
　　salvation
　　Building a communist society
　　Ge hua liu jialing 20:10:47
　　Hehe, is that possible
　　GeYiMin 20:11:02
　　Can, 2019
　　Ge hua liu carina 20:11:23
　　Have you ever tried to explain human nature
　　GeYiMin 20:11:58
　　You're so good
　　I have a god
　　Ge hua liu carina 20:12:33
　　I'm betting with you now, what will happen if you don't realize your dream at that time?
　　GeYiMin 20:13:04
　　Next dream date
　　Ge hua liu carina 20:13:42
　　You know Chinese history better than I do? Which religion changed dynasties?
　　GeYiMin 20:14:33
　　My god purport
　　Ge hua liu jialing 20:14:43
　　How long has your life taken you to waste a single empty day??
　　GeYiMin 20:15:08
　　You're great
　　Words are good
　　My day 2019
　　3 and a half years
　　In early October
　　Ge hua liu carina 20:15:40
　　What divine edict? You wake up my stupid brother!
　　GeYiMin 20:16:09
　　In the autumn of 2001, in a dream, god said, "I am god. Listen to him." I woke up immediately and felt amazing to "refer to ge yimin" when my wife and children were at home. "(kris was anointed as god).
　　Ge hua liu carina 20:16:40
　　daydreaming
　　It's just a fool, funnier than kris.
　　If the debate is not stupid, I don't think it is as good as kris.
　　Ge yi-min, every day to curse themselves to improve their popularity, I was also drunk.
　　Elder brother of counsel: ge yi people, this goods is quite handsome of, a see be clever person
　　Unfortunately, the installation system was not installed. It was destroyed. The ＾wordofgod￣.
　　Still thinking syvin: you're going to catch up with those two west to America.
　　One is to write a certain round of red paper, another is a self-created kirin philosophy of the red envelope.
　　＾wordofgod￣ and when li hong paper just came out of the same.
　　The year of 2019 and the year of 2023 by li hong paper are about the same.
　　Relal, Brett: does the kris have the power of Jesus? (superpowers)
　　You think Jesus was incapable of being trusted by white people?
　　Jesus.
　　Ge yimin.
　　Still vainly deluded: kris the son of god.
　　If there is no seal test, it just shows that the red envelope and the paper made a fatal mistake, although not evil, but easy to attract religious professionals critical.
　　860, Relal, Brett: hehe kris?
　　Does he have powers?
　　Could he have predicted it?
　　Can he click on the tech tree?
　　Has he practiced?
　　Many of the practitioners of other cultures have not spoken
　　What is he?
　　Does he have the power of Jesus Christ?
　　No? Why should he be trusted?
　　Heaven is his home?
　　Or did he represent it?
　　"By ye xue: chapter 16 the testimony of kris god
　　Relal, Brett: kris, there are many cults
　　I only acknowledge the jelloins and the anunachis and the pleiadians, but not the evil ones on earth.
　　Aliens? There are many different RACES of light workers on this earth
　　Which one are you talking about?
　　And prophet...
　　If he's a prophet
　　He is unfit for the profession
　　At least learn from the guy who wrote "hundred poems.
　　You don't say which one
　　Who knows if you are
　　All three of these alien civilizations are well known on earth
　　Among them
　　The anunnaki are good, positive aliens
　　And a nice pair of red eyes (dreams, telepathy (their powers), but that's nothing)
　　Many false prophets (victory)
　　"How can a new wheel stop coming?"
　　If he was Jesus
　　I can only say ha ha.
　　Zheng haoxu: god of kris, countless flowers, colorful world.
　　Wang xiangu: there are always a lot of ID posts from time to time, the content is all so-called ge yimin
　　For a long time, it is estimated that they will not stop, see that kind of post on the annoyance, suspected that the cult deliberately exaggerated
　　(note that there seems to be no such thing, if the bar is busy, I can do it, I see that post immediately closed, and I often online).
　　864, only envy lu pressure of gambler: ge yi people, pull a mama's egg... He's fucking forcing.
　　The saint had been written. It's ge's brain Think you're the one.   Brain rot... Harm a person.
　　Wang xiangu: can you believe it? I just went to see ge yimin's biography
　　Just because some time ago, I was in the main online complaints GeYiMin ID, then ID shortly after me, and also copy me, then I will come to him with just detection, he collected his words people say and a lot of ill is he also collected, and then he invited me to see his author, has just finished, think he mind is very good, not bad, is a very good good man mind.
　　God's smile: saint for a long time, no interest in this.
　　Swing friend: ge yimin, another disaster
　　　　 Idolatry makes ignorance
　　　　 Ignorance is the mother of cults.
　　"(st. germain) : ge is an open network, and only exists in the network, not organization.
　　We can see the god stick around us from the "teaching of kris"
　　Tu jianhua light of faith
　　I reject the notion that cults are far from us.
　　Because it is around the Internet, all the time, everywhere. Some cults have become established, more ridiculous patients with ＾wordofgod￣ problems and mental disorders
　　And cheats are still working to create their cult kingdoms.
　　This can be clearly seen from the "" ge yimin religion" "spread on the Internet.
　　According to the materials provided by the stirrer himself, ge yimin was born on January 26, 1969, the han nationality.
　　The biggest characteristic of ge yimin is to have ＾wordofgod￣, therefore his work simply called "＾wordofgod￣".
　　The ＾wordofgod￣ was actually published in Hong Kong.
　　Publishers have a ＾wordofgod￣!
　　More ＾wordofgod￣, though, is the young writer. You see, even the famous Chinese academic paper retrieval website.
　　I'm going to do a little bit of a WeChat, which is to try to get people to see the reality of all these ridiculous beliefs and statements around us, but it might be to help them to be objective."
　　"Ge is busy. Because, this ge evil Lord all along diligently, is the hype, even also creates "ge yi people commit to exploit the cult group
　　To raise awareness with fake news.
　　But how can we avoid the unknown if we don't tell you something
　　What about being fooled?
　　Do Chinese christians need to know about Chinese culture? 
　　-- discussion on the reading of biblical analects by Shanghai merchant fellowship November 4-6
　　W: sun
　　The bible, published by Mr. Kris in Hong Kong, innovatively developed Christianity and added elements of communism. So my question is, how far should Christianity be localized? Will you get lost?
　　Zhang Xun:
　　The Christian faith is neither in use nor native, but must be combined (not combined) with the local culture, and the local culture in the belief level of the strange power of god replace. As Paul and Aquinas did in the first place, they intersected downward with Greek philosophy, but transposed Greek theology at the level of belief. After the latter was replaced, Greek civilization was rediscovered and defined in the form of myth, together with philosophy and science.
　　Light in darkness 5: kris, hehe, interesting god stick.
　　When you were crucified that day, I believed you were Jesus number two. But your "20131126 dream" is very interesting, I hope the dream that day is early
　　The day will come true.
　　A few years ago, ge was still modest in the bar. Now he is on a very human path.
　　Ge yimin went to sogou encyclopedia.
　　872, the old anaklaw spear demon: know zhang xianzhong is MAO's previous life after zhang xianzhong died and became MAO zedong
　　Now he is reincarnated. He is kris.
　　Brother chun teaches an idiot: isn't ge yimin calling himself a saint??
　　MAO zedong calls himself a savior.
　　"Brother chun teaches certain silly han: seem also right, every time make communism, kill tens of thousands of, this time can the compatriots dozen all.
　　* : Jesus sacrificed himself for the sake of redemption.
　　In the bible, god says, "listen to him." god never said this to Christ, but to a prophet. 　 Who, save the son of god, can bear this?
　　What's more, god told the israelites in the old testament that there would be someone like Moses among them, referring to Jesus Christ. Would god say that about a prophet?   Who else but Jesus could afford to say that?
　　Anonymous users: 2012 bar is almost all baidu cult
　　(Chinese pioneer, color ring, ring lu, crape myrtle, saint GeYiMin, prophet) fathers and birthplace in 2010-2012, two years almost no one controls A group of mixed and people with ulterior motives, outside the wheels successfully put a bunch of people who look silly movies washed brain believed that a set of results to 13 years All over The so-called doom Only in less than a year almost nobody remember the baidu's biggest cult places and mental hospital now is one of the largest psychiatric cage-free places the baidu post bar, a former glory but finally fall psychiatric hospital.
　　875, yu jinyuan: hahaha, have you heard of a teacher named "ge yimin"
　　If you don't know, you can finish their works, come back, you will like me.
　　Finally, thank you for submitting your complaint information. The report center will verify and deal with your complaint as soon as possible. Our aim is: report illegal information and safeguard the public interest. Please continue to follow and support our work!          Internet illegal and bad information reporting center
　　876, ten thousand rolls of sandstorm: advise those a few people who have been cheated to still cling to the idea.
　　If you've been cheated by some kris, by lu taichang, you've been cheated.
　　After all, people have their own theory, their own means, is high intelligence.
　　This zhang xinjang, is a kind of crazy person.
　　To speak is to revile, to curse.
　　Talking with the same material used for several months, a look is do not know study, the knowledge is deficient person.
　　Don't be fooled by such a low pretend bility.
　　877, faint praise valley way: about the post of ge yi people please do not send again
　　You don't understand. You don't know this person.
　　>>> moonlight ocean: tomorrow you this words be spread all over the world.
　　Manager of the moon building: god ge yimin, old MAO also held lei feng as god
　　The same is true of the purpose, that god is but an instrument of profit. In my opinion, if you really want to worship god, rather than being a human being, you should go to visit the Buddha at leshan, which is more humanized. Therefore, it is more humanized to be a human being than to be a human being. In Chinese history, human beings can be martyred by human beings, while human beings can be martyred by martyrdom.
　　Classic eye: who is ge yimin? Why do people advertise every day?
　　You these small trash, if arrive my company my home speak any saint what also civilian, absolutely want to explode dozen er er! Fuck.
　　How will you round up what you have said when you get to 2019
　　Ge hua zhou haimei 19:57:27
　　I said god bless
　　Ha ha
　　GeYiMin 19:57:52
　　I bless you
　　Ge hua zhou haimei 19:58:04
　　good
　　GeYiMin 19:58:07
　　I am the god of kris
　　Kuh-hua zhou haimei 19:58:10
　　thank you
　　Ge hua zhou haimei 19:59:41
　　What does Catholicism believe? Jesus
　　GeYiMin 20:00:02
　　The same
　　Ge hua zhou haimei 20:02:31
　　Then we have two different churches here
　　GeYiMin 20:02:42
　　Is there a difference
　　I don't know
　　The Catholic church worships the virgin Mary
　　Ge hua zhou haimei 20:03:50
　　Do you pray every week
　　GeYiMin 20:04:14
　　I'm not. I'm the son of god
　　Ge hua zhou haimei 20:05:17
　　Is it really that amazing
　　GeYiMin 20:05:50
　　Chapter 1 vision book
　　Ge hua zhou haimei 20:06:30
　　You know god's will
　　GeYiMin 20:06:41
　　is
　　New heaven and new earth (communist society)
　　Ge hua zhou haimei 20:08:07
　　Which year to realize
　　GeYiMin 20:08:19
　　2019
　　Ge hua zhou haimei 20:09:06
　　Do you think anyone believes that
　　GeYiMin 20:09:29
　　No, I believe
　　Ge hua zhou haimei 20:11:02
　　Do you believe it will happen?
　　GeYiMin 20:11:14
　　for
　　In today's two major (social production and the Internet revolution), the realization of kuiyi democracy and the realization of the communist society, the material conditions have been provided
　　Only when the spiritual conditions are met, that is, to renew the human heart, and the Gospel of ge yi democratic righteousness is spread around the world and accepted by mankind.
　　Ge hua zhou haimei 20:14:12
　　It is difficult to
　　Especially China
　　GeYiMin 20:15:38
　　In a communist society, everyone has the absolute freedom to work hard without the possibility of suffering.
　　Ge hua zhou haimei 20:17:44
　　Your mind is good but hard to do
　　GeYiMin 20:18:39
　　I think I'm being trained by society
　　Ge hua zhou haimei 20:19:35
　　I read your statement on the Internet, you said the time is so specific
　　What if it doesn't happen
　　GeYiMin 20:20:44
　　delay
　　Ge hua zhou haimei 20:22:20
　　Communist society is just a good wish
　　Ge hua zhou haimei 20:23:57
　　Yes, but not in the time you say,
　　Ge hua zhou haimei 20:25:48
　　Your wish is good
　　Ge hua zhou haimei 20:29:29:38
　　When it comes to 2019, how will you round up what you have said? Do I think you or don't be so full
　　Your believers will certainly not say that about you
　　GeYiMin 20:29:59
　　Ok, we'll see then
　　The classic eye: the party of brain control, the people first party, the party of ziwei sages -- somebody will pick you up
　　God is a word that can be used to make fun of friends, but it has its limits.
　　Go back to the pigpen, you feudals!
　　882, avenue without Jane: ge yi people they have already begun.
　　883, lncy100: the means of ge is "pass on", pass on more people
　　There are more people who believe, more people who believe, more information factors like mustard seeds, like grass, which will never be finished, like flies and mice, which will always be available. That is, a western philosopher said: lie repeated 3,000 times, must become the truth. (focus on women, old ladies, children, weak character, poor health, poor...... These kinds of people who have no ability to distinguish or cannot distinguish are spread, organized and spread in groups. As more people spread, they cannot distinguish the true from the false. And eventually it becomes true. They exist forever.
　　The composite head of four great men of marenglege
　　Ge hua lau chia-ling 11:47:14
　　Ha ha ha, ambitious
　　GeYiMin 11:47:42
　　The great man of marenglege
　　Ge hua lau chia-ling 11:48:27
　　Watch out for the media to catch you
　　GeYiMin 11:48:48
　　It is ok
　　Ge hua lau chia-ling 11:48:56
　　Why do you think that?
　　GeYiMin 11:49:16
　　It is
　　Ge hua liu 11:50:31
　　If that's true, history will merge your avatars. Unless it's a real ＾wordofgod￣ problem
　　GeYiMin 11:51:39
　　The age of Internet hype
　　Ge hua lau ka ling 11:56:51
　　Pointless hype
　　GeYiMin 11:57:02
　　meaningful
　　GeYiMin 11:57:06
　　sentiment
　　Ge hua lau chia-ling 11:59:40
　　Ge, how many friends do you have
　　Ge hua liu jialing 12:01:39
　　Are there many college students?
　　GeYiMin 12:02:16
　　More friends, less contact
　　GeYiMin 12:02:28
　　Lack of communication
　　Ge hua liu carina 12:03:51
　　I think so
　　Ge hua liu jialing 12:05:07
　　I suggest you contact with your friends and classmates to contact real life.
　　GeYiMin 12:07:05
　　You're in the most important person "song.
　　GeYiMin 12:07:15
　　I want to create new worlds
　　Ge hua lau ka ling 12:08:04
　　Haha, thank you
　　Ge hua liu jialing 12:09:13
　　Trust in your new world? unreliable
　　GeYiMin 12:09:43
　　Yes, thoughts can change the world
　　GeYiMin 12:09:56
　　With Jesus and Marx
　　Ge hua liu jialing 12:10:57
　　Jesus didn't change the world
　　GeYiMin 12:11:14
　　Change too much
　　Ge hua liu jialing 12:11:49
　　Oh, but it can change people's spiritual world
　　GeYiMin 12:12:35
　　Things in Europe and America changed because of Jesus
　　GeYiMin 12:14:09
　　I'm Jesus plus Marx
　　The god looks down on the sky: ge yi people, before d8 often see this god rod, he is a wheel?
　　The Lord looked down upon the sky: what is the god of kris
　　At first I thought it was a map, or a digger or something, but it turned out to be a god stick.
　　Reply Nietzsche disciple: the elder brother of ge yimin was very strong when he was young, but it was a pity that he went on the road of no return.
　　The proletariat must win: by the way, go to Ben, and the people of kris are preaching again
　　"> > the beauty of butter control: reply proletariat must win: face the hair stick robot, temper can not hair...
　　"The proletariat must win: reply only beautiful butter control: gei people everywhere...
　　Paris in the water: is ge yi people the saint of legend?
　　Zhang was originally positive, now negative, ge is still active, people say, how about this person?
　　"Qilu youth 003: still use say, the somebody else is a saint, can not active?
　　Nz goddess patriarch: just seen on this person's micro blog
　　Chapter 17 kuya - democracy
　　There is a passage which says that as long as there are starving people in this world, the living must be selfish
　　This man is a fool
　　If all the people alive are selfish, you are the most selfish.
　　Sean ELMP: kris, meet the one who pretends to be Jesus Christ
　　He would be crucified for ten days and a half months, and if he were not dead or alive again, he would be Jesus.
　　Country cny: what we see in tieba
　　You all have to listen to me, my book is one ＾wordofgod￣. 2019 eternal life.
　　"(ge yimin).
　　893, the song king of the tragical autumn: saw the building Lord before the record of hair paste is propagandist
　　Those who believe in kris are no different from pigs.
　　Screaming at night: kris, the idea of linking Christianity to communism is very creative.
　　According to the data, at the very beginning gu zheng research, he thought that the communist thought is derived from Christianity.
　　I will always love you: kris wants to be the holy prophet, and his brain is broken.
　　Wang xiangu: he is god. We will believe in him. His name is kris.
　　Divine spirit: are you a saint of the people, the greatest philosopher and thinker?
　　Genesis _ yuanling: at present, humans have three ways to die!!!
　　A war,
　　The zoologization put forward by ge yi-min
　　Slavery in IS
　　Every road is a dead end, without a righteous man.
　　My name is wonderful: kindly advise you not to read the scriptures of Jesus any more
　　The old and the new, nothing to do with you. You should aim to learn from kris and write your own scriptures. Jesus' bible is not suitable for you to read, you read and read them all to their own body. Believe in Jesus, and the bible becomes bread. If you don't believe in Jesus, you are reading about your sin.
　　Queen mushroom: the first requirement for locking the orthodox church: serving life
　　The first element of cults: turning away from life
　　Obviously: the god religion of ge yi people can not lift up the evil cult.
　　Wangxian mushroom: the god of ge is a orthodox god. I have read dogma
　　We believe in kris, for eternal life yongle.
　　Wang xiangu: philosophy of life is pseudo-philosophy
　　Clean golden bird: what's the philosophy of mushrooms?
　　Fairy mushroom: believe in kris, for eternal life, god.
　　Clean golden birds: I have no comment on these alien creatures.
　　903, z1355464800: it turns out that ge yimin is a monkey of Aquarius no wonder so clever 
　　Unfortunately, monkeylike people like to be smart and take shortcuts.
　　904, z1355464800: do you know that ge is going to have bad luck this year
　　This year is his birth year. If it's god, how do you see him dissolve it
　　A monkey is a person who reincarnates with a very serious crime and is born in the worst of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the month of the year.
　　You are so convinced that he first loses himself and cannot find his true self without a strong will and without a love of the truest kind that can draw out his god.
　　905, z1355464800: ge yimin, you know the nature of the world and the law
　　How much do you know about man and man and the laws of creation
　　If you really knew the ＾wordofgod￣ would not be so full of unjustifiable rifts
　　Only the weak-minded can believe it
　　It is impossible for your ＾wordofgod￣s to contradict the natural laws of creation.
　　906. Pretending to give up. Ge is a talented person, but she puts her cleverness in the wrong place.
　　Well, we can all wait until this time
　　Ge hua liu carina 20:46:43
　　Ha ha, just watched you and your son's video
　　Ge hua liu jialing 20:53:46
　　Don't beat about the bush. Your life is short. Don't shortchange yourself
　　GeYiMin 20:54:05
　　My big day 2019
　　Eternal life
　　Ge hua liu jialing 20:55:49
　　I wish ge! But with all due respect, your ideal is illusory
　　GeYiMin 20:56:28
　　Last 3 and a half years
　　By early October 2019
　　Ge hua liu carina 20:58:04
　　What if, by then, your wishes don't come true?
　　GeYiMin 20:59:25
　　Did not achieve, again expect, have hope, also good
　　I have proof that it will happen
　　Ge hua liu jialing 21:02:48
　　Well, I hope you do. But throughout Chinese history, there may be other parties in power, but not the world you imagine
　　Greta carina lau 21:04:32
　　You are so idealistic
　　GeYiMin 21:05:02
　　Proof for you 2019
　　Ge hua liu carina 21:05:11
　　Do your classmates and friends never disagree with you?
　　Point of view?
　　GeYiMin 21:05:50
　　I don't know
　　Ge hua liu jialing 21:06:00
　　Well, we can all wait until this time
　　GeYiMin 21:06:57
　　Yeah, pretty soon, three and a half years
　　Ge hua liu jialing 21:07:06
　　But I feel like I ruined your life and your time
　　There are talent
　　GeYiMin 21:07:33
　　Different people want different things
　　Ge hua liu jialing 21:07:45
　　You looked so talented when you were young
　　brilliant
　　GeYiMin 21:08:02
　　Fame and fortune is empty
　　Mind the eternal
　　Carina lau 21:08:22
　　I don't know what's wrong with you.
　　Ge hua liu jialing 21:09:31
　　Well. You're right. Thought lasts. But any view must be grounded.
　　GeYiMin 21:10:07
　　I am unique
　　You do not believe in god and cannot understand
　　Ge hua liu jialing 21:10:52
　　Not only unique, it's outrageous
　　Do you know the saint crape myrtle? Please give us some blessing!
　　The wish of fly fairy: crape myrtle before in zhe bar call ge yi people, the speech road drive gang abuse of very miserably, now he call saint, I think will have friend and I be similar of a little ashamed of, before shouldn't give him so many spirit strike.
　　Runta jack: you hit such a big man and he ran away.
　　Kris: kris, it's not considered a cult. How do you promote this person?
　　910, dragon tower jack: fuck, isn't that the saint of crape myrtle? After a long time, even people do not know...
　　911, z1355464800: ge yimin does not understand the moral wisdom, although the wrong direction will only harm himself.
　　Therefore, you are doomed to perish the god who does not understand morality is not the god.
　　912, z1355464800: does ge yimin bottom line have 
　　China's national conditions do not allow him to do so to upset the public. China already has its own morality and ethics, how can it accept that he is not a Chinese religion and want the Chinese people to be accused of unfilial children.
　　And you dare to credit him he is not selfish.
　　The self - styled god must have a matching wisdom and virtue.
　　I don't want the ＾wordofgod￣, I want the special theory, you understand?
　　The theory of medium is the most perfect system of great theory in the world today. Go back and look through your college textbooks again.
　　914. A bastard from kris's own mother is totally attracted by the name of purple saint.
　　Xiao an ELMP: ge yimin, after wang hong cheng another flying leaves (smoking marijuana) fly more
　　Think of heaven.
　　916, fei xian wish: ge yimin, he has been doing so long all right
　　Looks like I should get a... Always afraid of river crabs.
　　>>> zhang yuanjing: wrong! This man is nothing like that! There is no royal aspect of longmei foer.
　　This person, how to look, the body is short of a thing, may be a powerful deterrent. "Children like zhu hongwu, dragon saint to heal the most vicious." Not really.
　　It doesn't look divine.
　　Do you know ge yimin who is called ziwei saint
　　I've been running a sect for years. Maybe I can learn from it.
　　Fly fairy wish: think ge people they are mad, no one tube
　　When the camouflage is good... Demoniacal demoniacal demoniacal exorcization is this part, free I will give old ge with the things to drive... I haven't seen him for two or three years. I miss him.
　　Drink light fairy vinegar: Taoism is very pitiful, must deal with each road middle two personages
　　The jade emperor bar + the trickster of every kind + the mad Christian + the public lamp, of course, these to a certain religion brainwashing zen skill, simply do not enter the stream.
　　920. Certificate and dao: anyone in the content of the post of Chinese sage bar
　　As long as there are three words of "ge yimin", and no matter what is in the post, this post will be deleted. This post, all banned 1- 10 days. In the future, no matter who is, the fear is that the small bar's Posting is also in this example - has explained why many times in Ben, no longer explained here. I won't explain it again.
　　921, ling  : GeYiMin is man or god
　　"Ge hua: ge is a perfect person and a perfect god.
　　922, ling  : GeYiMin mean god is also a person, everyone is god, ge refers to the god. People ammi namely
　　Call your brothers ammim, and your sisters luhamah.   (hosea 2:2 niv)
　　Only the sword remains as it is: the belief that kris got eternal happiness.
　　A new beginning v24: it turns out that god is playing this way just to preach
　　Is this some kind of weak chicken god? Jesus Christ was at least the founder of Christianity who fought against the Roman gods with a weak Christianity.
　　924. Fool: I don't know what other netizens think. I think the formulation of "Internet revolution" by ge yimin is quite true and accurate.
　　The Internet is like an encyclopedia. It has turned conventional wisdom on its head.
　　In the past, you had to pay for books and look for a place to keep them. Now read books and get online. You have to be afraid of loss, save the disk, convenient.
　　In the past, shopping and going to the store seemed to be a matter of course. Now, do not leave home, move mouse, the problem solved! What a wonderful world!!!
　　In the past, if you were looking for information, you'd be in trouble. You have to go to the library to borrow it. Now, if you browse the Internet, many problems will be solved.
　　Some people say that the 21st century is the era of information technology explosion.
　　Paris is in the water: when did ge yimin come out of the mountains? What should I do when I am out of the mountains?
　　Emperor or religious leader? Is it pure and single or three palace six courtyard?
　　"Ge hua: early October 2019. Realize the communist society.
　　Spiritual leaders. A palace of a court
　　Ultimatezx: remember when coffee bar people used this to teach against green
　　Just for fun, by pulling the tiger skin flag of the god of ge yi people against the green, let the god of ge's disciples and the green on the bar. However, they also know the loathsome of the white caps
　　927, you steamed bread than steamed bread big: a flower one world, please ask teacher ge yimin why want to prove immortal?
　　Mr. Shou old illness is doomed to die, miss ge wants to change that is to fight with heaven. This is great courage. Secondly, plants are born from the earth and live forever, hoping to gain experience and learn from them. This is great wisdom. In the end, Mr. Ge also hopes to popularize the world with his wisdom and this is great compassion. Be kind.
　　928, hanyi1820403: ge yimin, Jesus/khan xuan has many descendants
　　It is all deceiver that teaches and that teaches rise to think god
　　You are boring to hype the savior, the saint of you are all crooks for collecting wealth.
　　When I see you, I think of you: kris is the eastern Christ, the reincarnation of Jesus
　　Therefore, we should use our own body to wash away the SINS of human beings. This time, we can fry them, instead of being crucified.
　　930, 865911138: ge yimin, I do not know what the truth
　　But I've lived for more than 20 years and I've seen a little bit of truth. Elements of truth: cost. Even if there is a savior, that one must pay a heavy and equal price for his salvation. Is ge yimin ready for this? Elements of truth: truth. There was nothing practical about Gershwin, no real use for a cracker. Even though the mouth is against the sky, I only see a new cult.
　　This day I came across a number of wheels and a perfect score
　　Did not conflict with the positive, only because the younger brother do not want to quarrel and anger. Although also dispute a few words, but still won't be angry, the problem is the bar wu ban.
　　Funny world, give me more funny reply, let me to the wheel, kris, the world alliance to play.
　　Country, the sun is a ghost. How evil the devil is.
　　[03.26 application for unsealing
　　Tieba exposure platform: hello, thank you for your feedback, through baidu tieba management group verification, you reflect the problem because tieba net action, so can not be relieved, please understand!
　　Lu tianpeng 111: ge yimin, you are the son of China and the world.
　　934, nuhuiqinshou: ge yimin, you publicize what is your business as long as you do not harm the legitimate interests of a third party
　　It is the right of others to accept your ideas, but a group of people who trade for their interests behind the scenes, or shamelessly hyping for others' sages is to cheat the public. This is the platform for the public to talk about problems and game problems, not the place where you are all crazy about each other's boring and derogatory views.
　　"Ge yimin: hello, we do not backstage profit transaction, hype for publicity, in this Internet age, is to spread the free Gospel.
　　We live for no profit.
　　The pursuit of sages is the pursuit of truth and talent.
　　Since ancient times, the Chinese nation has never been short of both virtues and talents. Why not get one out now?
　　Although some deification, some sanctification... . But the search for justice and truth is necessary and good.
　　The pursuit of sages is the consistent style of the party and the government.
　　Correct! Wise!
　　Only those with both integrity and competence can unite and lead the society to prosperity.
　　Take chairman MAO. Great leaders are sages. It's just a different name.
　　Shenhua emperor: trust and trust. Brother kris, refresh, how can we trust people
　　How the words and deeds without a ring are convincing.
　　Above the five dragons: it is good for the people to deceive the masses and recruit believers. No man for himself.
　　Bow 1 libo: kris, will god be made of the special code? Or another legal person?
　　"Ge hua: no organization.
　　Above five dragons: ge yimin, network publicizes and does not commit a crime
　　They have a mindset, and if they succeed, someone has said that the belief in Christ is the living god.
　　Feel like you're the voice of Jesus Christ
　　Ge hua shu qi 19:37:55
　　You have a great look on your face
　　GeYiMin 19:38:13
　　A great look? How to see?
　　Ge hua shu qi 19:39:18
　　Hair, eyebrows, eyes,
　　Ge hua shu qi 19:51:38
　　It feels like you're the voice of Jesus Christ.
　　Ge hua shu qi: ge yimin, how do you do? You look like a Buddha of mercy
　　I've seen your work
　　Well written.
　　When I saw you, I thought of you: is ge yimin a danger or a curse? Jesus was much better than kris.
　　When I see you, I think of you: Buddhism is not the same. Religion is not about truth and logic
　　Religion depends only on the definition of harmfulness. Compared to other religions, kris is not bad. Because there's no harm done. So people should learn to be tolerant.
　　When I see you, I think of you: kris, even if he creates a religion, judicial character will not be malignant.
　　A kiss to the wild peony: kaoe-people is not a saint, a people can not even heal, do not believe that he and I confrontation?
　　"Ge hua:" ge yimin ＾wordofgod￣ 250,000 words, direct people.
　　The Gospel of kris 2019 conquers the heart.
　　Prince's old man: the new kris. Sooner or later. Drink tea with the old man.
　　Jiachu 'e: the communist party's family planning policy and the national preference for boys leads to a serious imbalance between men and women. 
　　The communist wife, a natural success, ge yi people god, should heaven and born.
　　Ge yimin, ordinary people are difficult to understand, like aliens
　　Ge hua Lin zhi ling 15:19:50
　　Where can I read your book?
　　Ge hua Lin zhiling 15:35:18
　　I looked at the beginning, I thought you look like a photo. I think you're amazing
　　Ge hua Lin zhi ling 22:07:17
　　Do you call yourself a god
　　Ge hua Lin zhiling 9:53:46
　　I think that's a little loud
　　Ge hua Lin zhiling 10:22:47
　　I think your mind is weird, really, like in the clouds
　　Ge hua Lin zhiling 10:33:34
　　I think you have a very different mind
　　Ge hua Lin zhiling 10:35:00
　　Ordinary people are hard to understand, like aliens.
　　The wandering wave: god has scripture called god, man has scripture called man (essence), grass has scripture called grass (stem).
　　On the one hand, humans long for the divinity and on the other hand, humans are not gods. Humans are enslaved from the point of view of the environment but always long for freedom, except for the lower animals, like pandas.
　　>>> caulis: ＾wordofgod￣s = divine speech. Everyone pursues divinity and all men are gods.
　　I am what I am: ge is such a person who is not independent. He writes things by himself
　　But the content belongs to the group consciousness, is "copying" and "copying", is just another name.
　　951, 616202842: three years on, crape myrtle's condition is still not improved, the situation is worrying.
　　"His wife's lover: master li of the wheel, is ge yimin.
　　WSQSBLDG: I'm not a kris, that's a liar
　　My account has been open before, was taken by him, made his publicity page, however, was recovered by me, I have password protection, I said this, do not want you to be cheated ah, otherwise, I have responsibility, ok, so.
　　>>> biggest save in history: for existence, he seems to have lost the bottom line.
　　953, invincible can: elder brother, change a head, every time see you think is ge yimin
　　> > > < < < > > < < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > > < > < > < > < > < > < > < > > < > < > < > < > > < > < > > < >
　　People live on the mountain side: kris, you know Christianity so well
　　Did the Lord teach you to respect others and other religions? Have you been taught not to denigrate any sect? Others have the right to choose
　　Your path does not need your guidance. People have their own brains and will choose the right thing to do. After all with your ability, you help
　　You can't help anybody.
　　955. Ge hua, zhao yazhi: the third row of the picture is fourth from right. He who glares at the world is hostile.
　　Tiandishui: network media netease human thought, baidu
　　The shameless messiah, crape myrtle, god created to hype the region, the shadow of the light, the kris ＾wordofgod￣ and so on fame and wealth crazy self hypes the region.
　　957. The prince and the rest: why do some people preach kris and call him a heretic?
　　In the past few days, some people both publicize him and say bad things about him, which will make it difficult for the bar owner to distinguish the real and fake posters. This will result in the wrong deletion of the Christian anti-his posts. Therefore, christians should not comment on him, so that the bar owner can see his information and shut it down.
　　"Shangguan freshman II: is that the crazy bar people are ge yimin?
　　"MoE st. naise sauce: he asked for help, he can not really have believers.
　　"Lu ye haolong: ge yimin read online games, read more, self - appointed god.
　　"Victoret: the words The most joyful of ge people is to scold ge for a while and to hold it for a while.
　　"Lhx9999999:" ge is just a joke, it doesn't seem to be to confuse people.
　　"Sheng xiang 10: heretical, of course.
　　Ge hua bang abnormal step: 
　　I hear there's a stick called psychosexuality
　　A lot of people are beautiful in appearance, you are self - black
　　Or blatant
　　GeYiMin 10:45:07
　　I turned it around. Somebody else sent it
　　Ge hua bang abnormal step 10:45:32
　　Oh, what people say about you
　　Ge hua bang abnormal step 10:46:03
　　What do you think
　　GeYiMin 10:46:06
　　The ＾wordofgod￣ half
　　Chapter 25 Internet criticism
　　I am not a god stick, but hype me welcome
　　I want to be popular
　　Ge hua bang abnormal step 10:46:48
　　I don't quite understand that
　　online celebrity
　　GeYiMin 10:47:26
　　for
　　online celebrity
　　Ge hua bang abnormal step 10:47:43
　　Is it worth anything
　　Real purpose
　　I have no idea
　　GeYiMin 10:48:25
　　Unified the world
　　Ge hua hin abnormal step 10:48:40
　　You really think so
　　GeYiMin 10:48:58
　　yeah
　　Ge hua bang abnormal step 10:49:21
　　Why is that? Why?
　　A missionary
　　GeYiMin 10:50:34
　　13. Therefore, in 2019, the end of the world (the end of the world) came, and god kris became king, ending the rule of gentiles and establishing the kingdom of god (the communist society).
　　Ge hua bang abnormal step 10:52:57
　　Are you living at ease now?
　　GeYiMin 10:53:07
　　general
　　Ge hua bang abnormal step 10:53:34
　　What about social skills
　　GeYiMin 10:54:03
　　Normally, I'm online
　　Ge hua bang abnormal step 10:55:09
　　Are there people of your faith
　　GeYiMin 10:55:28
　　Yes, it's called kudhua
　　Ge hua bang abnormal step 10:55:42
　　daughter
　　GeYiMin 10:56:04
　　Ge hua: those who recognize god as a godsman, i.e. a godsman and a member of god.
　　Ge hua -- the flower of ge yi people ----- ge yi people open flowers, fruit.
　　Ge hua hin abnormal step 10:58:42
　　How do you know what they think and want
　　GeYiMin 10:59:10
　　I don't care. I only promote
　　Kuhua hin malformation step 11:01:01
　　Also on the
　　Kuhua hin malformation step 11:01:42
　　Is your wife happy
　　Are children happy?
　　GeYiMin 11:03:12
　　Generally, I haven't succeeded yet
　　Ge hua bang abnormal step 11:05:06
　　What are your chances of success
　　GeYiMin 11:05:25
　　100%
　　2019
　　Ge hua hin abnormal step 11:05:46
　　Must be the
　　Kuhua hin malformation step 11:22:17
　　What is the core of your theory
　　GeYiMin 11:22:56
　　I am contemporary Christian communism
　　Ge hua hin malformation step 11:24:59
　　oh
　　959, China resolute: ge yi people Christian communism, these two religions combine the world invincible.
　　960, 2019 will be all you need
　　The city is excessively step 13:40:55
　　You are like Hong Kong actor chung cheng tao
　　The writer's eyes are full of confidence
　　The city is excessively step 16:07:45
　　People like you have a good job and a good platform to talk to
　　There will be a lot of fans
　　GeYiMin 16:08:14
　　What is a platform?
　　The city is excessively step 16:11:23
　　You make websites
　　Surf the Internet a lot
　　The city is excessively step 20:42:02
　　You can do it all in 2019
　　GeYiMin 20:42:14
　　yeah
　　The city is excessively step 20:43:10
　　What can be done
　　GeYiMin 20:43:34
　　Unified the world
　　The city is excessively step 20:43:52
　　Through what
　　GeYiMin 20:44:05
　　scripture
　　The city is excessively step 20:44:16
　　There are now?
　　GeYiMin 20:44:32
　　My book, ＾wordofgod￣, was sent to your QQ mailbox
　　The city is excessively step 20:44:41
　　Know the
　　GeYiMin 20:45:03
　　And when they believe, they shall be scripture
　　The city is excessively step 20:45:25
　　God should transcend man's basic needs
　　GeYiMin 20:45:42
　　God is a perfect man
　　The city is excessively step 20:49:52
　　What a powerful force it takes to unify
　　So much energy
　　GeYiMin 20:50:34
　　By god, no one
　　The city is excessively step 20:51:12
　　Rely on you?
　　GeYiMin 20:51:27
　　By god
　　I am the son of god
　　The city is excessively step 20:51:43
　　Really?
　　GeYiMin 20:52:00
　　really
　　Elementary Project: the first thing that comes to mind when I see your avatar is ge yimin
　　Colored gobbler: this is my boss.
　　Ge hua xu xiaofeng: ge yimin, thank you for your mental food
　　Hello! Read a book in a hurry, aware that the world is far from clean, "＾wordofgod￣," bathing and changing clothes on the day, in the dead of night when reading carefully. Thank you for your mental food and good luck in 2016!
　　963, sf god man: I remember there is a ge yi people's
　　A book called "the ＾wordofgod￣s" is nothing compared to him.
　　The weeping of wheat: most of the followers of kris are American scientists.
　　Wang xian mushroom: let me take ge yimin.
　　The story in silence: except for the kind of communist who takes the name of god
　　First of all, to have a religious belief means not to believe in mazeh, which is the core of the communist party. Religious belief, then, as a spiritual opiate, dampens revolutionary enthusiasm and morale - heaven after death, anyway. Finally, if you think there is a god, the proletariat can't be justly in charge -- you produce these things, but they are divine in nature. Uh...... Except those of kris who are communists in the name of god.
　　There is no substantial difference between the theory and the theory of utopia.
　　The thesis "contemporary Christian communism - the ＾wordofgod￣ > of ge yimin".
　　Ge yimin is so ignorant that he wants to be true to himself
　　The thought of a man as a servant is nothing but a fool! Such a person, give you money you can only be a corrupt gentry, give you an official you can only be a corrupt official!
　　968. Tianjun: xiao xuan, there is a guy named ge yimin on the Internet
　　He also claimed to be holy, Buddha and immortal, and now he has claimed to be god.
　　There's no difference between the two of you. Suggest you look for him to PK one.
　　In the years that followed the 2012 doomsday cult, many goblins and demons came out to eat and drink, even more so on the less expensive Internet.
　　Representatives are: xuan chang wei, zheng kui fei, ge yimin and so on. What they all have in common is that there is no such thing as truth. The occasional braggadocio was paid for a book or something.
　　Your technique may still work in an age of information isolation. Now, minute by minute is stripped naked.
　　I have an iron rule. I delete all those who have ge yi-min (or homophone) in all posts.
　　Whoever posted it was banned for 10 days. Go downstairs and delete. Next time you send a post like this, it will be sealed for 10 days. Say hello first.
　　Brother 970! : kris, neurosis, can be understood as the disease experienced by "god"?
　　971, @ tree into the world: "finding the purple sage"
　　If the thread of the kung fu theory, author believes the self-proclaimed ziwei saint, can end up desk tray on a par with: Zheng Kuifei, to make up, Ma Wei hao, qing, wang jianxin, the king's GeYiMin, ShuZhangMing, yong-jun, zhang 纔, XuanChang junwei, Zhang Xiaoping, bergamot, etc.
　　If you use the power of god or Buddha to play in such a way, it is natural that the zhenjiang people ge yi min and the huainan 8 gongshan people xuan chang wei.
　　As long as the dark cloud finds the believer, it will be clean, but the dark cloud will not be a b, in the number of believers even ge yimin this stupid b.
　　973, wildfire 89: this online famous self-proclaimed purple saint, what kris
　　There is also a famous one, whose name cannot be remembered for a while.
　　The true three master control: however completely cannot compare with the god stick, expresses has seen to blow the quantum Buddhism the Buddha stick and blows the ge yi people
　　(the founder of communist Christianity, who calls himself a god, has written a book called "the ＾wordofgod￣" and has a bunch of brainless fans.)
　　American father Thomas paine and Christianity
　　Association of reading "contemporary Christian communism -- the ＾wordofgod￣ > of ge yimin" :
　　One of the founding fathers of the United States, Thomas Penn, believed that the United States needed two revolutions, one political and one religious. His famous essay "the age of reason" is the horn of the religious revolution. The age of reason systematically dissects Christianity, shows its kinship with "paganism" and makes clear that Christianity is a ridiculous cult. Mr Payne knows the potential consequences of such outspokenness, so he has taken a step by step, a serious and cautious style that welcomes rational inquiry. Still, he was hunted down, declared persona non grata by "freedom-loving" France, and his bones were stolen and lost. In treating Penn's reasoned discussion, Christianity's "peace, equality, and love" did not show.
　　Sister qingtian: scripture is written by a saint. Do you who call yourself a saint write a bible
　　>>> date tree and well recall: have, every day in hair ＾wordofgod￣.
　　"Yang jingtang: ＾wordofgod￣s. Canon. From the state to the family. All have. The United Nations USES it.
　　"Cow side living: ge yimin write have ＾wordofgod￣. God, he is sick. Neuropathy for short.
　　Giving without restraint: kris, self-praise is the most binding of all. Keep out of sight.
　　Xiao an ELMP: ge yimin, when he dies, we naturally call him a saint, just like Confucius.
　　My name is wondrous: kris, do not you believe in divine words?
　　Is what is said empty, and nothing of it?
　　Didn't we go our separate ways?
　　How, oneself do not believe, still use publicize?
　　Only pick the parts of the letter you like?
　　Don't believe what you don't like?
　　Believe it or not!
　　My words are one!
　　Busy collecting talk, forget to practice godliness, also discard honesty and truth!
　　Ge hua Lin zhiling: ge yimin ＾wordofgod￣, too self-centered?
　　Ge hua Lin zhiling 20:16:51
　　But you can get believers?
　　Do you want to raise awareness?
　　Ge hua Lin zhi ling 20:19:41
　　Because I'm awake now, or I'll be brainwashed and become a believer
　　Ge hua Lin zhiling 20:27:19
　　It's about spreading your beliefs
　　And we take in believers.
　　Ge hua deng ziqi: ge yimin, how big your flag is
　　Ge hua deng zi chess 19:13:12
　　Are you sectarian?
　　GeYiMin 19:13:38
　　Christian communism
　　Ge hua deng ziqi 19:16:09
　　Great man
　　Ge hua deng ziqi 19:31:10
　　Just watched for a while, your thoughts feel high and lofty
　　Don't cheat you
　　Ge hua deng zi qi 19:47:33
　　God ge yi people unify the world, good big tone
　　Think big.
　　Ge hua deng ziqi: ge yi people, Jesus saved the world with his own flesh, have you ever?
　　This spirit is hard to find
　　Ge hua deng ziqi 17:05:21
　　You have a huge range of thinking, some people can't accept it, they can't react,
　　Ge hua deng ziqi 17:06:10
　　At the same time, they will think that you are the same, people will also feel confused
　　Ge hua deng ziqi 17:06:30
　　I understand almost everything you say
　　GeYiMin 17:13:41
　　2019
　　Ge hua deng ziqi 17:13:59
　　Great men are not men
　　Ge hua deng ziqi 17:15:11
　　The end of the world?
　　GeYiMin 17:15:23
　　New sky and new earth
　　Ge hua deng ziqi 17:16:07
　　How new?
　　GeYiMin 17:16:21
　　The communist society
　　Ge hua deng ziqi 17:16:32
　　May be?
　　GeYiMin 17:17:05
　　In today's two major (social production and the Internet revolution), the realization of the concept of "ge yi democracy" and the realization of the communist society, the material conditions have been met, just as the spiritual conditions have been met, namely, the renewal of the human mind, the Gospel of ge yi democracy spread around the world and was accepted by mankind.
　　Ge hua deng ziqi 17:20:16
　　The worse the more greedy you can only imagine
　　GeYiMin 17:21:19
　　In a communist society, everyone has the absolute freedom to work hard without the possibility of suffering.
　　GeYiMin 17:22:45
　　Why is there war and struggle, material imbalance and struggle for material. In communist society, distribution according to need, material equality, everyone is brothers. In today's two major (social production and the Internet revolution), the realization of the concept of democracy and the realization of the communist society, the material conditions have been met, just as the spiritual conditions have been met, namely, the renewal of the human mind, and the Gospel of the concept of democracy has been spread around the world and accepted by mankind.
　　Ge hua deng ziqi 17:24:36
　　China is already unequal. There are so many people looking at China from abroad.
　　Your thoughts are beautiful and good
　　GeYiMin 17:27:11
　　For yourself, is there a law of conscience? Will you work yourself if your needs are assigned to you? The concrete implementation of communism, of course, must be discussed and revised in practice, now is only the direction.
　　Live a natural life: ge yimin is in MAO's prison.
　　Kris is a false saint with the tacit approval of the government.
　　Disturbing. There are so many false saints that no one believes in the birth of true saints. At least it makes it harder to be born.
　　A wonderful life is long: kris, this man is blown out of his magic power
　　>>> fuping Chen guanghui: ge
　　He's hit short of water
　　They are greedy for food, wealth and fame
　　The grass of the heart will not seek name, but will come to grief.
　　Huang weihua, crape myrtle saint: god, I only know that kris is very famous 
　　Dare to call oneself saint this cannon ashes have seed!!   About him
　　I don't know what's at stake!   I'm actually his long-lost cousin.
　　Wonderful dialogue with kris
　　> ge: 6, the autumn of 2001, ge yi people lie on big bed nap in the home of zhenjiang, different dream, god say: "I am god, you want to listen to him." I woke up immediately and felt amazing to "refer to ge yimin" when my wife and children were at home. "(kris was anointed as god).
　　He is the "Jesus" who comes to your house!
　　BBB 0 ge: is Jesus on me? Am I Jesus again?
　　"Wonderful: do not deceive yourself, also deceive the public, my interpretation can only prove that you have received the grace of Jesus, god's mercy, will not prove that kris is Jesus. For all the saints who have been called have the same experience, each no longer being himself, but Jesus alone, living as Christ, as a witness to god. Only you, kris! Only wang jianxin, sheep purpura crazy! You guys, enough!
　　BBB 0 ge: god tell me clearly, he point to me.
　　God or you?
　　Wonderful: "if a prophet or a dreamer comes up among you and gives you a sign or a wonder, and says to you, 'let us serve him with other gods you have never known. 'you shall not hear the words of the prophet or of the dreamer, though his signs and wonders are fulfilled. For this is the trial of the Lord your god; know that you have loved the Lord your god with all your heart and with all your soul.
　　BBB 0 ge: you should not only believe the word of god 2000 years, god still has the right to speak, god still has the right to reveal.
　　The truth is, you are dead, and by the time Jesus died, god had put you in there and nailed you together. Now, only gradually in time deductive, this is nothing. You kris will eventually die, because that is god's will in Christ. There's nothing you can do. Because you are already dead. I come to bury you with my own hands, waiting for the new man in god to wake up! Sing a lamentation for you!
　　BBB 0 ge: god is the god doing new things, I 2019 eternal life.
　　Wonderful: call on the name of Jesus, the only son of the living god, and in an instant you will have eternal life.
　　> ge: no one will live until 2019.
　　"Wonderful: this is the root of your bold falsification, your fallacies, make you nervous! The truth of the matter is this: god sent a written version of the old and new testaments, and god still speaks, and god still reveals, the new testament, in the heart of the individual, the word, written in the heart of the elect, for a written version of the new testament, to testify himself that he is the Christ, god's only son! Our faith is god's new word, spoken again.
　　BBB 0 ge: new words, "new new covenant", where? The old and new testaments are in writing. What about the new covenant?
　　WSQSBLDG: I declare that huang lingling is a cheater and a monster. Be careful.
　　I think it's a god cheater like kris. But it's not as big a difference as kris. Fuck it.
　　That's what people believe, that's what's wrong with the door, damn it.
　　Kaepernick: kaeperin has a relationship with martens
　　Because he created the Christian communists? This person is just like this person who is trying to make people look good and sell their goods. Don't you think it's weird to talk about this kind of person in maji bar?
　　"Ge hua: 59. The six leaders of the international communist movement: marenesmus.
　　The fly fairy wish: ge yimin "＾wordofgod￣" is superior to everything, mental illness killing is not the law is not.
　　It is said that liu yifei is a saint. I dreamed of being with her this morning. Am I a saint?
　　We started to dance in the dance hall. We did a little pull. I pulled her around.
　　Later, on a walk to nanyuan road in the north garden of nanjing university, her fans said beside her that her right hand action proved that she was the real liu yifei.
　　Then I asked her for her phone number and took out my phone number. The first three were 181, and then they disappeared without saving.
　　Liu yifei in the dream is very strong.
　　@ l 
　　GeYiMin
　　20160521
　　991, Space_Force: bullshit gods. Is ge also civilian different waistcoat self-praise
　　So far there have been no hoaxes. Estimate the number of dupes with both hands.
　　Did you skip class: the name of ge yimin revealed himself
　　There is something your god is telling you
　　He's human too
　　Just a lot of time to write novels
　　There's just a lot of time to play
　　Since you have blind faith in the prophet ge
　　I'll forgive you for not seeing the meaning of these three words
　　The so-called kris
　　Ge said no more. The first thing that comes to mind is ge you
　　Also slightly has the cultural little bit to know is "also" the meaning
　　The people.   Need an explanation? If you believe him, his name has given you a clue. If you don't believe me, you can count on me. It's still a god. Also ＾wordofgod￣. disease
　　Hey hey, really think impassability, believe Buddha, believe Christ to calculate.. Believe it
　　He is not a prophet. There are no prophets in the world. Don't tell me the number of the lottery tomorrow.
　　Like ge, like this, playing to change the taste, now has changed the taste. I don't know what you're thinking right now
　　I really don't see any good in you. If you spend your time studying ＾wordofgod￣s, memorizing them, spending time with your family, learning more skills, you won't be as religious as you are now
　　"Ge hua: god is also the people.
　　He looked at the tiger and said, "what does Mr. Seralini mean by this number
　　>>> liu wu-green: this is the real person ge yimin
　　>> divine dragon: ge yimin and yu zhi chengdu don't know where to go higher than you.
　　Lucifer: gee-people do not harm the future.
　　Jesus killed the white people in 2000. Do you want to hurt the Chinese people in 2000?
　　The blacklist was cleaned up last year.
　　Only the series of ge yimin has no solution. Everything else worked out.
　　Divinity: Jesus' Gospel treatise: ge ＾wordofgod￣ spreads false Gospel VS ye divine fax Gospel!
　　God has revealed it to you,
　　But the ＾wordofgod￣s are your own understanding,
　　It's not what god meant.
　　You know,
　　Talk about Gershwin,
　　The book of ＾wordofgod￣s,
　　They do not proclaim the Lord,
　　Not to preach the word of the Lord (the holy spirit of Jesus),
　　Do not talk about the book of the Lord (Jesus Christ.
　　Ge is an idol!
　　Ge's book is a big idol!
　　Divine, summoned to command,
　　Break all idols!
　　Destroy all false gods!
　　Today, break the false god ge!
　　Why, god made you listen to him,
　　Listen to god's son Jesus?
　　Answer: Jesus, the word of god, is the word of god.
　　In the beginning, the word was with god, and the word was god.
　　The word, the word became flesh and came to your house,
　　Therefore, god wants you to ge ＾wordofgod￣ family, you must listen to him!
　　In this simple sentence,
　　All christians will take my word,
　　Will prove me right.
　　This will break your superstition of ＾wordofgod￣s!
　　God declares to you:
　　This is Jesus, the son of god, the word of god,
　　Listen to him! Let you listen to him!
　　He has lived in you, in your house!
　　For one thing,
　　I said last year, you didn't hear me,
　　Thank god for another opportunity.
　　Now that I'm clear,
　　You heard that,
　　Thank god I wait for you to die!
　　The god of ＾wordofgod￣s is the god of the bible,
　　Same thing: listen to him. 
　　[niv] god spoke to me about kris. With Jesus.
　　The dream clearly refers to kris.
　　-- -- --
　　You are wrong!
　　"This is god's beloved son, listen to him!"
　　a
　　This is not god speaking to Jesus himself
　　The second
　　This is not a vision Jesus himself received
　　three
　　It is not Jesus who says this: I am the beloved son of god. Listen to me!
　　four
　　This is god speaking directly to the people,
　　A vision given to "others.
　　God told them directly, this Jesus, my beloved son, listen to him, all of you!
　　five
　　This is god's testimony to Jesus!
　　And the testimony was printed directly in the heart of them that heard this, and obtained this vision
　　For example, I
　　Also like you
　　six
　　This is what god says to "others."
　　To send everyone to tell Jesus, including you ge ＾wordofgod￣!
　　But you don't preach the Gospel of Jesus,
　　Spreading the ＾wordofgod￣ Gospel, the false Gospel,
　　You are totally mistaken!
　　"This Jesus is my beloved son, listen to him."
　　God has not only spoken this to those present
　　It is also revealed in the hearts of other individuals
　　And all that received it, and all that heard it, rose up, being of their own accord, as witnesses to Jesus
　　For this is a vision god has given us
　　It's not a vision god gave to Jesus himself
　　Such as:
　　The man who received the vision directly from god got up and testified about Jesus:
　　And John the Baptist baptized him, and testified of him
　　The father god gave the bible to Jesus with his own mouth as a witness
　　Jesus, some of the apostles died to testify about him, to prove him, "he is the beloved son of god, and we will listen to him."
　　Jesus had his adoptive father Joseph and his birth mother Mary as witnesses
　　Jesus, a gift from the magi, came out to witness him
　　Jesus, I was a wonderful witness to him
　　For god himself saith unto me, this Jesus is my beloved son; hear him.
　　So I said amen!
　　This is a wonderful vision from god!
　　Whoever directly receives this vision from god the father,
　　They go to Jesus spontaneously,
　　To find out what he said, what he did,
　　Then do what he says.
　　This is god's work,
　　Jesus himself did not know!
　　You seduce people with visions and ＾wordofgod￣s
　　You will not seduce anyone whose heart receives this vision from god
　　All you can seduce is not god's chosen people
　　For god did not reveal Jesus directly to them
　　Jesus is the word of god
　　Listen to him!
　　From now on we know,
　　Who are god's elect and who are not!
　　He who received the vision,
　　The elect of god,
　　Including you ge ＾wordofgod￣!
　　That's the vision god gave you,
　　God himself testified to you about his son Jesus!
　　Let you three, listen to him!
　　Lord grant that ge may hear!
　　Hear where he is wrong,
　　Knowing where his insanity was,
　　Ask the Lord Jesus to help him!
　　I am a dreamer, you did not have this dream, you can also more clearly than me?
　　Dream clear: refers to ge yimin.
　　In the autumn of 2001, in a dream, god said, "I am god. Listen to him." I woke up immediately and felt amazing to "refer to ge yimin" when my wife and children were at home. "(kris was anointed as god).
　　Wonderful: the salvation of Jesus comes to your family of three
　　That ye may be three, and one, as one
　　Three in one, in your house, show Jesus!
　　This is the covenant, into the new testament
　　Listen to Jesus!
　　"By kris: by kris, by god himself, you cannot deny it.
　　Ge is a homesick (let's put it this way)
　　The ideas he promoted tended to be the exploration of human nature, politics and society, not the cult, so the statement of kunlun and plastic products is a positive solution!
　　"Kunlun mountain man: zhenji, you are so intimidating, not afraid to frighten people to death? -- who will intimidate you in the future? 
　　If he did go to prison, he would be a blessed man according to the bible. Do you not envy him until the day of judgment? 
　　So what? 
　　Therefore, ge must not be allowed to go to jail.
　　999. Ziyang, south: I identified ge yimin as a member of the saints' reserve team
　　All who dare lead the masses in a just line against the communist party are saints.
　　Mystery: if you have a prophet among you
　　Or dreaming up,
　　To show you a sign and a wonder,
　　Say to you:
　　"We will go after other gods you did not know,
　　Serve it. '
　　And though his signs and wonders may be fulfilled,
　　And thou shalt not hear the prophet.
　　Or the words of the dreamer; 
　　For this is the trial of the Lord your god,
　　Know that you love the Lord your god with all your heart and soul.
　　(deuteronomy 13:1-3, nasb)
　　The prophet
　　Or the dreamer.
　　For they rebel with words
　　To bring you out of the land of Egypt,
　　Save you from the house of bondage
　　The Lord your god,
　　To take you away from the way the Lord your god has commanded you (Jesus Christ),
　　You will put him to death.
　　Thus you shall remove the evil (ge ＾wordofgod￣) from among you. 
　　(deuteronomy 13:5 niv)
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　(2) volume 2
　　
　　Chinese founder: listen to him. The bible says, "he pointed to Jesus."
　　＾wordofgod￣ says: point to ge yimin.
　　Conclusion: kris is Jesus.
　　Neuro inheritance bible
　　Just as the new testament inherits the old
　　It's the same god
　　My god's name is god, which means, "I am god, listen to him." The one over there.
　　Our god is the god of god (kris), not the god of Christianity (Jesus), and, of course, it is possible that both are one god.
　　Kris has his own reason for wanting to be a saint
　　He's a little saint!
　　He said he is the son of god, I think the quality will not be low, will not be worse than anyone, he is confident, although no success, but the reputation is not small.
　　Amazing: ge ＾wordofgod￣, imitation bible, imitation Lord god, imitation Jesus Christ.
　　Conclusion: fake, fake!
　　Result: have no popularity, just oneself change ma3 jia3¨s false popularity. Did not witness, only to collect talks, their own editing and processing, fraud witness!
　　Satan, disobedient to Adam, plunged eve into sin and brought sin into the world. Satan, disobedient to Jesus, instigates the puerperal ＾wordofgod￣, disobedient to god's complete word (Jesus Christ), another ＾wordofgod￣, replaces Jesus!
　　Worst of all, Gershwin believed in his own copy of the bible and that he was a copy of Jesus. But refused to take a good look at their intelligence!
　　Truth - don't obey Jesus, don't read the bible, kidnap the Lord, start a new fire, write another ＾wordofgod￣, want to imitate a Jesus!
　　The moon and the sky: kris, a new cult leader
　　Preaching online every day.
　　A: the people of ge yi-min have been known since the last century.
　　A heresy of Christianity has been published until now.
　　I only got online in 2001. How could I have heard about it in the last century?
　　Or was Rousseau right: don't believe in nonsense, a scoundrel will claim that he was sent by god.
　　"Galbraith: 2019 to prove it.
　　Live for the Lord: if god is not in a dream
　　But in the sky and clouds in a loud voice like thunder
　　I am god, listen to him.
　　So much the better.
　　"" ge yimin: good, good, look forward to this day, 2019~
　　Violent stick: gee-min, that person mostly wants to make money.
　　There are too many ways to make money these days. Monasteries are private affairs.
　　Vidias Liverpool: if you can get the last word out of me
　　Look for the non-dog animal, I go to eat excrement now. You are looking for. What zodiac sign is 1994? Who's not your highness lucifer? Jesus? GeYiMin? Pay what? I am also drunk, logic all do not understand.
　　9. King rp of I legend: listen to me, and if you have time, go and report kris
　　This cult post bar, believe his are all without brain, the heart has no belief all don't so trashy oneself to believe this ge diaosi! It's pathetic. Buddhism, Christ, believe in that.
　　False horse false horse: that ge yi people get out of jail? He's off the top now
　　I often read about him on his blog in China, but I didn't read it seriously. I only knew that he had been arrested in his early years.
　　"Li junji his elder brother li big chicken: the first two years return of, seem to spread his own what teach, basic baloney, with old kong fo this mental disease similar.
　　"" duster comrade: the percussion surface is too big, teach oneself to teach is sick?
　　"Li junji his elder brother li big chicken: little girl you have not seen his doctrine content?
　　Long long: poor dao respected master ge.
　　Fake horse fake horse: is he a fake in prison?
　　The experiment failed: I only remember their bible called the ＾wordofgod￣, and I kindly advised them to change their name.
　　Zhangmohan1987: ge yimin, you will go to hell!!!
　　I prayed for you. God saved you.
　　These people are a bit of a whipping boy, they're one of the most difficult people I've ever seen in evangelism, on a scale of one or more.   May god save them, alas. Don't say.
　　Did you see the reply from his disciples?   If you go to their base camp, you will find that they are almost invincible.   I don't know how to save them. I advised them years ago and prayed, but nothing worked.
　　I dare not old you that you did not come: kris, who corrupted the spirit, and vilified the bible
　　I pray for you and wish you peace.
　　Zhangmohan1987: they'll copy what you said, even the whole post is copied, slap yourself and then post to other posts.
　　"Makeup: sit back and wait for them to get caught.
　　Zhangmohan1987: their first post bar is harmonious, at the beginning of this year, and then they spread to many tip, I'm ready to go in the Gospel of today, looked at their posts, I backed out, this kind of situation, usually only I went to the water river's lake will be, normal, even to a sorcerers tieba, and according to persuade not by accident, because some people have saved, some people really do not have saved.
　　M: I just went to the one you said. It's terrible. I don't understand.
　　Zhangmohan1987: the most terrible thing is that they will copy and save all the conversations we have now, and then forward them to all post as on the first floor.   This makes it almost impossible to change them when all our good advice is accepted.
　　"Even makeup: this is really hopeless.
　　Blame god: kris is the present Christ.
　　Hi, I want to tell you, Christianity is not a cult, we believe in the true god, the living god, and will actually help guide us in our lives.
　　Zhangmohan1987: ge yimin is not a god. He is possessed by a ghost and performs miracles
　　Confound you, go to hell with you, I used to advise you, I prayed.
　　Zhangmohan1987: ge yimin has many dreams which are not from god
　　If you do not believe in Jesus correctly and follow him as Jesus, you will not be saved, nor will you escape from the end of the world.
　　16, lu da-xian ah ah ah: ge yimin, ＾wordofgod￣. These two words are enough for me to laugh for a long time.
　　17, and yes hair: ge yimin... One of China's many scum masquerading as a ziwei saint.
　　18, some a: the person of ge yi people is actually a patient, the disease is in the brain.
　　"Religious belief is deceptive: the same as zhang xuejun, playing the fool for peddling Christianity.
　　I say kris how can you be capricious? Didn't you say you were Jesus Christ?
　　A true secular treasure!
　　"Ge yimin: this is to turn of the netizen comment.
　　Nature 1990: I want to be different for everyone, just like kris
　　Hundreds of thousands of words and a bunch of people believe in him do you make sense?
　　"Ge hua: 13. Therefore, in 2019, the end of the world (the end) comes, and god ge yimin becomes king, ending the rule of gentiles and establishing the kingdom of god (the communist society).
　　20, shaw  autumn: GeYiMin, excessive deified leader because intelligence is not open
　　Too many ignorant people will be fooled.
　　Wish of flying fairy: you still not return your prophet to listen to ge yi people to read aloud ＾wordofgod￣, here display what.
　　22, the south wind back: these posts is the "＾wordofgod￣" heresy, must guard against!
　　23. R zhen ah zhen: is ge yi people the second generation of god?
　　24, unreal 233388: you think of yourself as a saint
　　I still have a problem do not understand, a lot of female female say she lose a saint, you be how yao lose a saint, you with zhang fu xin, ge yi people sleep a sleep, you think oneself lose a saint?
　　It is prophesied that all the saints are half old, have families and careers, and live a happy life
　　Why don't you take them on?
　　The most famous ge yi people what, several.
　　What... Brilliant.
　　If you're not afraid of being tired, you can start a religion
　　You're the teacher. Like the kris, he wrote a passage called "＾wordofgod￣ >" to brainwash people. If people want to be brainwashed.
　　27, Captain ling: don't you mean that ge is a saint of crape myrtle?
　　I'm a little confused. Who are you looking for? I'm the new guy. Please give me some guidance.
　　Zhangmohan1987: people who believe in ghosts are going to hell
　　Jesus was real, but kris was possessed by demons
　　They will copy this sentence of mine and go out to preach. In his early years, ge yimin was an inveterate seeker, and later the devil gave him a dream that made him think he was a god. He wrote a book called ＾wordofgod￣, blasphemed the name of true god everywhere, and preached the doomsday of 2019 and bullshit.   Such people can only repeatedly warn of the punishments of hell, and can certainly be gently proselytising, but for the time being I have not been so thoughtful. They are invincible, come once to accuse 1 time.
　　29, flyinone: has ge's book been published in Hong Kong?
　　I once watched a Hong Kong TV program about art. Someone mentioned that book. I don't know whether it is the same book or not.
　　30, no user name what: "crape myrtle saint" the origin
　　I do not know when, the Internet has emerged such as: ge yimin, wang jianxin, zheng kui fei and other streams, although their respective fans many, each other
　　All kinds of attacks, but surprisingly recognized "crape myrtle" "saint" a new term, and a lot of other names to his head to buckle
　　.
　　Although later the internal, or the complainant itself revealed the cause and effect of the matter, the words were emotional, but it was not a matter of conscience discovery or good heart
　　To know. The closest explanation is that the waves behind the Yangtze river push forward, one more than the other, and the waves die on the sand. Pretending to be forced, however, is not willing
　　. He created the situation and lost control of it.
　　I want health and happiness
　　Founded a religion, but also out of a ＾wordofgod￣, is the classic god. As a result, 100,000 people became obsessed, many of them known as kudhua. everyone
　　Think of communism as something so ethereal that we are now being victimized by him. I can't believe it. I saw their posts and said
　　A few words. Let those believers. And the flowers. He swore at me. You can see how obsessed faith is.
　　My name is wonderful: ping an shoes -- Jesus' Gospel career:
　　Every place on which your foot treads will be given to you as an inheritance.
　　Ephesians 6:15 and put on his feet the shoes of preparation for walking, the Gospel of peace (Jesus Christ). 
　　Joshua 1:3 every place on which the sole of your foot treads I have given you (the son of peace), as I promised Moses. 
　　God teaches the "singularity" kris, give up everything, alone, put on the Gospel shoes (Jesus), announced harvest all Kings! The earth is filled with the glory of god!
　　33, again dream of the saint liu yifei, I am really a saint?
　　In a strange dream, liu yifei performed magic, a large audience, I stand beside her. She USES a blank sheet, she grabs the dice, let me guess a few, I say three, she spreads out, four. I grabbed the frog with a blank cloth, and asked me how many, and I said four, and she spread out, five. I'm like her boss. I performed a few more, as if big change live person, changed zhang ziyi in front of her, walk toward her.
　　Her mother sat below, after her squatting on her mother's left, I squatted on her mother's right side, her mother seems to me to say that a person want integrity, I promised.
　　GeYiMin
　　20160609
　　Former dream liu yifei, now dream shu qi
　　In the morning of 20160614, there was a dream that director huang zhan was shooting scenes, but the leading actor was no good. I asked me to call shu qi. I got up and picked up huang zhan's mobile phone. I asked her to call cheng xiaolong to act, and she asked the big one and I said the small one.
　　She dreamed that she was united with the mainland and that the Hong Kong separatists were polluting her and persecuting her.
　　Somehow, always dreaming of @liu yifei @shu qi, two holy women?
　　GeYiMin.
　　You are mistaken. Kris is a god
　　Very, very divine, far above the countless great gods of history, okay?
　　36, silent injury sad autumn: crape myrtle saint want to thank all those who impersonate him
　　Because of them, he became more and more famous, thanks to the great god ge yimin for his outstanding contribution.
　　Lazy stoner D: Chinese women are left to
　　"The blue sky elder sister: false crape myrtle by the name of true crape myrtle famous, true crape myrtle not famous, crape myrtle star Lord is jade emperor great, pretend of all guilty, true crape myrtle will judge false crape myrtle.
　　"The rise stop bai: talent is rare.
　　37, 953065626: "the ＾wordofgod￣," which is really embarrassing. A cult is a cult. Gross.
　　Looking back at the sea: I will believe that kris didn't die after he committed suicide
　　Nothing. Don't send me messages. I don't have time to read them.
　　"Gas near nine deep anger: is also ge yi people, exactly is how? Don't leave without two sentences. What's the difference?
　　Vast and careless: what is the difference between kris and utopian socialism?
　　"Ge hua: 41. In today's two major (social production and the Internet revolution), the realization of the concept of" ge yi democracy "and the realization of the communist society, the material conditions have been met, only waiting for the spiritual conditions to be met, namely, the renewal of the human mind, ge yi democracy Gospel spread throughout the world and was accepted by mankind.
　　40, ggyywzw: the book into crape myrtle move, it seems that ge yimin is going out of the mountains.
　　41, excellent northeast hot pot: how can kris be communist since Christ
　　I don't read a lot of the bible but I know that Christ and communism are at odds.
　　He who has little, even what he has, will be taken from him. Give him more of what he has, and call him more. The Matthew effect.
　　"Ge hua: communism was first proposed by Christian theologians. Communism, as a doctrine, was first established by Christian theologians, and the concepts of "distribution according to work, distribution according to need" were first put forward by these theologians.
　　Melody of dawn: ge yimin, you can be a complete god stick
　　Your followers are complete idiots. Your book I remember is called the ＾wordofgod￣, right?
　　Melody of breaking dawn: ge is a stupid, useless bastard
　　Poor people who cannot adapt to human society have to live by cheating gorillas. Well, I have blasphemed your god and your followers.
　　The only thing remarkable about your god is that he stands out in the religious world known for his intellectual disabilities.
　　44, I oppose 360: ge yimin, gao copy bible -- ＾wordofgod￣. ＾wordofgod￣, true TM ＾wordofgod￣.
　　The question mark is really unknown. Note 1: you can become a believer if you read any of the above.
　　Bible (1807 authorized revision. England, 1952 puritanism. USA, 1970 standard revision. England, 1979 tripartite council. Middle) four volumes
　　Priceless pearl (beauty. Mormon) a volume
　　One volume of the Koran (in any Chinese version)
　　"The ＾wordofgod￣" (ge yimin) a volume
　　Strange stories from a studio
　　Greek mythology
　　Order: recommend kesuru myth, self-selected.
　　Note 1: read any of the above to become a believer.
　　Note 2: high school education, can be an atheist.
　　Ge yimin, I have looked down upon him for a long time
　　All talk makes no action. Network trolls.
　　"> > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > >. You want an uprising?
　　"Chenfei month: the landlord has the heart of uprising, not I say, he said himself, which ah, ha ha.
　　Live for a cheesy 49: a copy of the bible? Don't say it.
　　47, under the bamboo window 1: ge yimin in the prophet bar continue to preach
　　There's another saint liu yifei. Who sealed it? He's got a ＾wordofgod￣.
　　48, ge yimin know no, the completion of writing xu 100 streets
　　To tell you the truth, in the novels I read, the most youdao, Buddha flavor is xu chilug shengzhi of, recommend to go to see, has really had the person of practice.
　　Liuyushi1937: all kinds of Marvin can blow to this degree, you are also the first.
　　The Buddha? Tao? Want to see a taste of, can ah, I recommend to you one, ge yi people know not, write of burst xu 100 streets, go to see quickly.
　　I have seen you. Ge is a person at most. You are a cult.
　　Red tower blue smoke around fingers soft: you too can blow, you know everything. Even better than the so-called kris.
　　Don't stop me. I'll go with gershon
　　I eat four risperidone pills a day.
　　It is said that Gershwin regards this as his domain.
　　Also used the status of god to get a lot of holy women, I go, ge is divided half to me.
　　51, the old file room: ge yimin has been into the iron cage eat the wet well ~~~
　　I think dun dequan will be soon. They are gathering disciples ~~~ these two saints are the more violent ones. Many other sages have yet to develop their business offline
　　An optimistic water kirin: ge can also write a book
　　Now in post some of the content can be expressed in a few thousand words are difficult to find!
　　I met a lot of, the most impressive one, 15 words want to rule the world, if it is a motto is only, the content of which makes people surprised -- I am crape myrtle saint, you must believe me!
　　Nothing more.
　　In other words, what is the name of a saint but the epitaph on a monument after death that is generally examined by later generations? Where do they listen, let alone accept!
　　"Ge hua: what you say is accurate, ge yimin ＾wordofgod￣ 280,000 words, 12 years write, still be being updated, keep updating.
　　Eyes of the classics: what the devil is kris? See a lot of small to play advertisement everyday, very boring!
　　54, the main building is a person is not a person: "＾wordofgod￣", I baidu, true cow realistic have this book.
　　The drug: it feels even more outrageous than wheels.
　　"The novice judge: this book... At least have a nice name...
　　"Encouraging sand: it is the devil said.
　　"Justfresh1: ＾wordofgod￣s Won't you change your name? That's the name of 2.
　　
　　55, WSQSBLDG: reply ysaw125999: this beast of ge yimin say what ＾wordofgod￣ ＾wordofgod￣.
　　Also referred to the communist party, said to love the party, the union of communism and Christ, hair.
　　I think you are a dog of ge yimin to drive a wedge between me and the communist party. Let me scold the communist party.
　　Kris wait to be beheaded.
　　Are you a follower of the beast of kris? Why are you pretending to be five hairs?
　　Or was it just a trick played by the communist party?
　　56, in my J tired than that which is GeYiMin?
　　"Wang su said:" in 1918, saint Lenin had evil spirits here
　　Nietzsche's superman philosophy: is he the right Lord?
　　"Talk about wang su: I don't know who the owner is... So many cult posts
　　Maguiba _ glorious here is a cult Posting, please note to delete the ban.
　　The seventh day of the seventh month is a Chinese parasol rain.
　　What's that? Can you tell me in the group?
　　Deng  stay: science quickly
　　Ge hua: ge is a communist.
　　58, in my J tired than: GeYiMin, this to criticism in one die
　　I just put up the front page and hit it. I just checked his book.
　　Chinese flight attendant: this post is boring, doing nothing diaosi and the concentration of cults
　　Especially the kris.
　　You've all taken money from kris, otherwise it's impossible to play monkey tricks here every day. There's no such thing as insanity.
　　60, China flight attendant reporter: still have some be evil cult of like what ge yi people of
　　Layer host don't tease, you think there will be so many will be online daily most of the time to play the post bar diaosi fool? Some of the people in this bar are Christian, some are collective from the guidance and play want to cheat money, and some are evil cult like kris. It's a group of people who have a purpose.
　　Ge is such a person who can only deceive babies and children
　　Intelligence is graded. Some equals babies, some equals children, some equals teenagers. Kris has 2 bars of these divine stick is to use this generation, to deceive these babies, children, teenagers and so on.
　　The tragedy is that these children think they are adults. This is the reason why cult can exist for thousands of years. Of course, they're not at that level, they're not at that level.
　　Marx is a cult. It's just that there's too little recognition.
　　Fortunately they had nothing to do, or else, as Marx did, alas, it was a disaster.
　　He's just pulling the wool over his eyes.
　　Liubojian520: nobody touched him, he could not develop.
　　If kris dares to call himself god in the Arab world... That's amazing
　　But I think he's a real pain in the neck.
　　I don't think kris would call himself the all-powerful god of Islam and Christianity.
　　Don't be silly.
　　Just a little bit of personal popularity and interest.
　　"Ge hua: ge is a Christian communist.
　　Live a handsome 49: the whole god, theoretically is the Lord.
　　But ge has no direct title. I don't think he dare. I think he would be afraid of being killed by islamic and Christian jihad.
　　Live a natural life 49: kris does not implicate Islam, Christianity can.
　　If you dare to implicate... ? I'm sure he can't get over his skinning and cramping.
　　> ge hua: how can Christian communism not implicate Christianity? The ＾wordofgod￣s inherit the bible, the kris inherits Jesus.
　　(49) there is no social effect. People just ignore him. Once the serious involvement of the family... I can't imagine him
　　The end.
　　"Ge hua: 80. I have: publication of the book" the ＾wordofgod￣s ". Paper journal published. Two "＾wordofgod￣" news, several "social mass production and
　　The Internet revolution "news. Web site. WeChat public account subscriber. Individual post bar, more than 10,000 members. Sina weibo, teng xun weibo via orange
　　V writer certification, more than 10,000 fans. Subscribers of weibo fan service platform. Baidu wenku certified authors. Believers.
　　Live smart 49: these people are thoughtless. I don't know. No serious thought about the details. The information disclosed by the Koran is specified
　　: male, medium height, reddish and white... . And both religions have secret requirements... . Just to prevent impersonation! Once formed
　　Some height... I'm scared of him!
　　Not enough. At least a prophet? Like the right outlook for the future... That's a superpower. And there are many miracles.
　　Validation is required.
　　There are so many articles in it. You want to be a god? He's got the ＾wordofgod￣ to be fat!
　　His stuff... Will endanger his life in the future! Sooner or later, Islam and christians will find you.
　　"Ge hua: chapter 16 ge yimin god's proof
　　Ge yimin, there are too many social neuroses now
　　Call those who are not ill ill ill, and let those who are ill shout. ＾wordofgod￣ ＾wordofgod￣ a little ＾wordofgod￣, believe ＾wordofgod￣ you true ＾wordofgod￣.
　　>> live cheesy 49: return don't know your teaching, how to pass your teaching?
　　Don't forget that people now believe in the Koran. There is no specific alternative faith, there is no alternative doctrine. The islamic
　　There should be two billion believers. Why don't you care for the people of all mankind? Don't focus on? Do not take the? ... ? Won't you?
　　Come on! It's really for his good. Stop fooling around. This joke is killing me! Islam's commitment to faith is unmatched.
　　> ge hua: Shinto has the ＾wordofgod￣ Arabic version.
　　Iraq's 1.7 billion people. We're just spreading ideas. It's ok.
　　In so many countries and regions in the world, race, ethnicity, religion, kris cannot all preach. Thanks to the Internet.
　　Shinto, Shinto network, ＾wordofgod￣.
　　66, now is the Internet age, ge is the Internet prophet
　　You want kris to go to the Middle East?
　　Jesus preached in Judea. Mu sheng, Arabian peninsula, Buddha, ancient India north. Who can travel the globe? Only the Internet.
　　>> live a natural 49: do not go to the Middle East, at least have to go to yinchuan? I have to go to wutai mountain, Lhasa, China's Catholic center... This kind of the most
　　The key place, with tall people, wise people... Work together?
　　I'm not saying the Internet isn't important, I'm saying it's just not serious enough. It takes a lot to save humanity. Not just online show off in an ostentatious manner
　　. Understand? Alas I say how all this level, is the government support.
　　> ge hua: don't you think the Internet is more efficient? The recipients are more numerous.
　　With the party, refers to communism, not supported. Not to play, there are websites, there are classics, there are blessings.
　　67, 11661699: wow! The sect of god of the people of ge, from the very beginning, has been integrated with politics and religion
　　Will he be crucified by a party?
　　> > > > > > > > > > > > > > > yeah. Unified. Ge is coming to reign, 2019 eternal life.
　　68, Hope free speech: ge is a yellow pig with intellectual disabilities, apparently copying the bible
　　The Koran and other religious scriptures.
　　"Live a handsome 49: as if claiming to be the almighty god, but also the Christian almighty god.
　　It's a big deal.
　　After causing certain social influence, will be discontented by each big Christianity. Defile their supreme god.
　　It is likely to reverberate with Christianity in the western world.
　　"Ge hua: ge yi people is Jesus again come, have any dissatisfaction?
　　The origin reason extinguishes 19900: purple can't walk the road of ge yimin, one is afraid of imprisonment
　　Second is afraid of divine wrath, purple only hope to truly let everyone have dignity, happiness of life, no oppression.
　　70, live a cheesy 49: ge yimin also on the net show off in an ostentatious manner show off in an ostentatious manner... !
　　I dare not go back home to preach.
　　Dare not go to the Vatican!
　　If I were a saint, the first place to go would be the islamic holy land or the Vatican.
　　These two places are his home.
　　Must go! First priority.
　　Four billion strong advocates immediately.
　　Live handsomely: kris, conquer Islam
　　Predict the outcome?
　　Almighty god, it should not be a problem. Very simple.
　　"Ge: 2019
　　It's going to be three years for all of us. What better thing to do these years than to save humanity?
　　"Ge: spreading the good news on the Internet.
　　Live smart 49: is it more effective not to run in person? How powerful is the network? Materialistic environment, nobody believes.
　　Ge yimin should have been online for a few years. Isn't it? How many supporters? A trip to the holy land won't take long. Four billion strong right now! This account, almighty god can not calculate? Not really?
　　Don't talk about money. Almighty god should not miss money. Isn't it?
　　"Ge yimin: a trip has gross use, the Internet face the world.
　　13. Therefore, in 2019, the end of the world (the end of the world) came, and god kris became king, ending the rule of gentiles and establishing the kingdom of god (the communist society).
　　Shinto has many language ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　You have to be efficient anyway. For the sake of humans, can we do without efficiency?
　　"Ge yimin: run a, what efficiency? Who sees you, who believes you? When Jesus preached, the jews not only did not believe, but also crucified him.
　　Live a natural life: is the almighty god of kris afraid of this? Have predicted the
　　The savior will come again. Just to avoid such misfortune.
　　"Kris: what happened when Jesus made a trip to Jerusalem? I'm an Internet prophet and my day is 2019. The time has not come.
　　Is Jesus god? Internet age, information run, do not run.
　　Live for a cheesethis sentence is even less like it. Almighty god, there is no such thing. Is that still omnipotent?
　　"Ge hua: did Jesus unify the world? Is he god? How many people believed him when he died? Is there a thousand? What does he say?
　　Live for yourself 49: why bother? Say whether you have the duty of almighty god. What did you do for the purpose of humanity? For years, even Islam and Christianity were unified... Who do you trust?
　　"Ge hua: 13. So in 2019, the end of the modern world (the end) comes, and god ge yimin becomes king, ending the rule of gentiles and establishing the kingdom of god (the communist society).
　　Live a natural life: ge yimin, you have to face the world now.
　　Ok? The responsibility has been taken. All right? What are you talking about?
　　What you said does not accord with the fact. You know what? Ha ha
　　"Ge hua: ge is still a blessing now, 2019
　　What is ge yiming doing after all
　　Why does he call himself Christ? Doesn't he read the bible? No, he has read it, but he still doesn't know that all the self-proclaimed Christ, or anyone else who says that so-and-so is Christ, is devil, but why does he defile our god? For money, fame, glory, let others look up to them? Or with satan? In a word, he is not for other people, but pure egoism, just like the wheel, east lightning, almighty god, the real Jesus does not call himself Christ, but humbly calls himself the son of man. Please do not be deceived, the advent of Christ is aboveboard.
　　1 thessalonians 16 for the Lord himself shall come down from heaven with a voice of crying, and the voice of the archangel, and the trumpet of god. He who dies in Christ must rise first.   And we who are alive and who remain will be caught up with them in the clouds and will meet the Lord in the sky. Then we will be with him forever.
　　We need to remember that god is god (we are not god).
　　Pastor kris, the second coming of Christ is not hidden, our Lord is aboveboard, you preach your doctrine, but please do not defile our god.
　　I don't want to see more people go to extremes
　　If you are really the second coming of Jesus, please take out the evidence in the bible. Don't say this in the air, insult the glory of god and block god's path. Thank you very much.
　　"Ge hua: 1. Vision.
　　     In the autumn of 2001, god said in a dream to kris, "I am god. Listen to him." (kris was anointed as god) 
　　"Listen to him." the five words only appear when god speaks to Moses, Jesus, and kris.
　　Attention, don't be fooled!!! What did ge yimin do for the world?
　　He was crucified for us and rose again three days later? He cleanses man of his SINS? He only pretends to be Christ!!! He didn't come from heaven!!! He doesn't do it like a wheel!!! Because at least the wheel did not defile the true god!!! Stop confusing the crowd!!! The true Christ never pretends to be Christ!!! If he is indeed Christ, please give evidence.
　　"Ge hua: 3. Trial.
　　Ge yimin December 1990 by the great social trial up to now, every 26 years.
　　1990-- the video series, tried out in 26 years in 2016, will make people understand what it means to love and seek truth.
　　Mr. Kris, you have done it. You have done something that countless Chinese have not done in the past hundred years
　　Destroyed the western religious theory foundation stone, this is a very great contribution, the party and the government on behalf of the broad masses of the people thank you, you gave us a bad breath, after the foreign devil believed the Christ all is our Chinese!!!!!!! Here I also implore you friends, everybody don't stimulate GeYiMin Sir, he's now in a very dangerous, disease easily again and again, especially when someone says he is not the Christ, is likely to aggravate, please cooperate with treatment, especially pay attention to, don't discriminate against others, more can't trust him, if you even he believed, then you've estimated the GAME is OVER, let alone what to contribute to the four modernizations, GeYiMin was in fact a be cruel reality crazy feng, of course, he is 7.0 version of the phoenix, and is beyond the phoenix. Think about it. A man born in 1969, a lot older than he is, ate his way up on the Internet. Well, let's all be a little loving.
　　I also come to laugh at this brother of satan, ge shenlong
　　Sometimes it feels like god ge is his book, the ＾wordofgod￣, ha ha
　　Think he is sometimes inferior to other people's wheel, and the number of believers is extremely small, can not deceive many people, but still have a group of ge fan to maintain him ~~~
　　He also called himself Christ, presumably he did not know that Christ would never call himself Christ
　　Why are you so arrogant? Stop you is for the people of the world good, prevent people from going astray!!! Keep the people from falling into satan's trap!!!
　　"Ge hua: Peter confesses to believe, Jesus is tried and claims to be the son of god. Ge does not organize, but publicizes ideas.
　　Dream of meng ring: this sentence makes no mention of "he is ge yimin". 
　　And while he was yet speaking, a bright cloud overshadowed them, and a voice came out of the cloud, saying, this is my beloved son, whom I am well pleased with: hear him. This sentence did not mention that "he is ge yimin". Your insult makes me angry!
　　You say "Jesus didn't have it then", Jesus is love, he doesn't need to be tempted by evil or be tempted by evil, he is a good shepherd, to live for the sheep house!!! You can't compare with him. You made up your own mind. Don't you see ufos in your book? Ufos have nothing to do with god!!! You can't lie to everyone!!!
　　Anyone who has read the bible knows that true Christ does not call himself Christ!!!
　　You satisfy your fantasy that you might be sitting at your desk collecting money!!!
　　"Ge hua: how can the bible have the name of ge yi people?
　　Chris, why do you write a book that says you are the Christ
　　A little reading of the bible can expose you as a liar.
　　Have you done anything earth-shattering so far???? Write a few ＾wordofgod￣, ha ha, this name, ha ha.
　　I don't want to insult you or discriminate against you for making money by writing your own book, which is the fruit of your own labor, but you can't defile our true god, can you? 
　　Are you afraid of divine punishment? If you were Christ, would you agree to be crucified now for the benefit of humanity? True god can't just say not to practice, is not in the network propaganda and propaganda, pretend not to do the organization!!! Who gave you breath? Who gave you a great life? Is god! You are not a mortal!!!
　　
　　God is the way of truth and life, and god is love
　　Is not truth and love his kris??? He just wrote a book himself and made you believe it???? Do you see it??? I'm a Christian, but I'm not superstitious. We can't be righteous. It's not god's pleasure! Christianity is divided into many sects and at the same time there are many heresies, but any heresies have not been so rampant as he said he was jealous!!! The name of Christ is not something one can assume for himself!!! I wonder if you have seen the case of the wheel burning itself, this is the classic example of the cult!!!
　　I saw your book, and it said, "he is kris!"
　　Who said that? God said that? You wrote the book and you said it yourself! No basis! How do you say you are the Christ??? Enough cults! Don't bother the police anymore!!!
　　"Kris: god said it.
　　You are the devil who taught me how to listen to you.
　　"Ge is a god
　　Truth: I am god; hear him.
　　Dream of meng ring: the former sentence is the truth, the latter half sentence also do not know which cheater add!!!
　　1 Peter 1:24 all flesh is as grass, and all his glory as the flower of the grass: the grass shall wither, and the flower shall wither, but the word of the Lord shall endure for ever.
　　Don't block the main fax channel. You have to have something to say, you have to give evidence, you have to let people believe you, don't take your ＾wordofgod￣ in this ＾wordofgod￣!
　　In the autumn of 2001, in a dream, god said, "I am god. Listen to him." I woke up immediately and felt amazing to "refer to ge yimin" when my wife and children were at home. "(kris was anointed as god).
　　The real dream
　　Meng ring: the so-called trial of ge yimin
　　What did he try? After 47 years of normal life? Experiencing the darkness of society? Write Ben's ＾wordofgod￣? Marry and have children? Learn a few tricks? It's called trial? Was he nailed to a cross?
　　>>> ge hua: ge yi people fulfilled, really suffered a lot first, was rejected by this generation.
　　And prison to be king. (half prison)
　　He suffered more than the preacher Jesus, and died and rose again in the present world.
　　(a video series from 1990 to 26, 2016, will show people what it is to love and seek truth.)
　　God of kris proves: vision, thought, trial, news, love, seeking truth.
　　"Kris "-------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- -------- ----
　　>>dream mon sound: that have what basis to say that kris is the Christ??? With a dream he wrote a book???? It's all in vain.
　　>>> gehua: chapter 16 Goethe god certificate
　　Dream of meng ring: the insider of ge yimin
　　I see, you pasted the comments of netizens into this bar and ge yimin, right?
　　Why do this stress is not pleasing to the matter?
　　I understand that you are pasting negative comments about you all over the place to serve as propaganda and increase popularity, right?
　　I know, kris has a lot of vest, back and forth, not tired?
　　This is your freedom, but please don't do anything by any means.
　　Once deleted post stands for default.
　　Ge hua: we will not delete it. We will never delete it. Your post will be forwarded.
　　>>dream meng ring :2019 end of the world, why don't you do something for mankind???
　　BBB 0 ge hua: fu chuan zhong. Truth: believe in the god of kris.
　　Live a cool 49: ge is also arrested
　　The folk cannot call the holy. Just wait for a few... How many years... ! St? There's no specific behavior. Is to insist on the Internet that they are true.
　　May god sacrifice his only son for us, kris!
　　Will you sacrifice your son for the sake of mankind and let him be crucified? Don't blame me for being too direct. You can't, you won't even be willing to sit at your computer every day to please the GCD.
　　Say you've been tested! After a few years in prison, I was tried! To be rejected? So why get married and have kids? Life is not very happy, do not write a ＾wordofgod￣? A writer? Aren't those poor people worse off? Can't eat food and drink water, those disaster areas people are not more tragic? Is not the loss of a loved one even more tragic to those who have been separated from their families? Aren't the orphans more tragic? Are not those born blind and deaf more miserable? Are not the terminally ill patients who know they will not live long enough to die even more miserable???
　　Why not sacrifice for the sake of the human cause? Don't pretend to be courageous, and pretend to be ready to sacrifice.
　　You also need to have the capital to make others look up to you, you lived a peaceful and normal life after 47 years to try, there is more childish than you???? Who wouldn't make up their dreams, see ufos, see god?
　　Do something practical, don't just use the Internet, don't take your ge hua number reply me, use your main number!!!
　　I have never been in prison. 3. Trial. Ge yimin December 1990 by the great social trial up to now, every 26 years. 1990-- the video series, tried out in 26 years in 2016, will make people understand what it means to love and seek truth.
　　The people of kris were born communists, or they were born for communism.
　　Kris: god doesn't do the same thing.
　　May you run errands for the human race and be able to learn wheels and preach the evils of the GCD.
　　"Ge yimin: 84, to do one's own thing, far more meaningful than to stop others, because to do one's own thing, is one's own achievement, while to stop others, is only to let others do not achieve, and oneself still have no achievement. We don't stop a religion, we start a new one.
　　Do you know the definition of trial??? Can you compare the Lord's tribulations? You said you were crucified? In your dreams again? Have you split the flesh? Did you burst your heart and die? Did you tear the earth apart? Have you been humiliated? (this one does, and that's what you should do)
　　Aren't you comfortable sitting at your computer desk? Isn't your hometown a village in jurong city? The conditions there are now improved, so that there is no famine.
　　"Kris: kris, indeed, suffered a lot first and was rejected by this generation.
　　And prison to be king. (half prison)
　　He suffered more than the preacher Jesus, and died and rose again in the present world.
　　The church of god Christ: according to brother, have you been possessed by devils?
　　>>>dream meng ring: how dare you insult our god, blaspheme our god, you will really go to hell!!! God Christ is a vest of kris, don't think you change the number I don't know you! Who are you talking about old wo hua and little Jesus? Are you? You don't deserve to be insulted! To hell with satan sooner or later!
　　Pay attention to the praise that our suffering Lord is not kris
　　"As is the Lord, so is Jesus.
　　Then why do you abuse Jesus? Isn't that an insult to yourself?
　　"Kris: people call me Jesus.
　　What did god say to you in your dreams?
　　In the autumn of 2001, in a dream, god said, "I am god. Listen to him." I woke up immediately and felt amazing to "refer to ge yimin" when my wife and children were at home. "(kris was anointed as god).
　　89, meng ring: ge yimin, pure hype
　　Make a lot of popularity, hype, collect money and endanger life. That's what you need to do before 2019, right?
　　2019 May be nothing, but you must look forward to that year. What if nothing happens? Did you delete past replies? Silencing? Denial?
　　Don't say it's going to happen? Don't forget, you're human! Don't say you had a dream! No one can see!
　　Please answer these questions!!!
　　Think of your wife, think of your son, and think of those poor children who are under the control of evil spirits, ignorant and innocent, but poisoned by the thoughts of the lawbreakers. I believe you do not know the harm of the evil religion, do you have a conscience to restrain money? There are many ways to make money, not necessarily by selling cult books.
　　"Ge yimin: 41. Today, in the two major (social production and the Internet revolution), the realization of kui democracy and the realization of the communist society, the material conditions have been met, only the spiritual conditions have been met, namely, the renewal of the human mind, the kui democracy Gospel spread across the world and accepted by mankind.
　　"Meng ring: ge yimin, don't change the vest!!!
　　"Ge yimin: have ma3 jia3, have ge hua, ma3 jia3 ge hua alongside the ground to walk, an ability debate I be ma3 jia3?
　　But you don't have to confuse people
　　"Ge yimin: the history of the formation of the network, there are also reasons for the ban.
　　(meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring
　　"Ge: what we record is history.
　　History is a dream, isn't it? A half prison trial???
　　"Ge yimin: the ＾wordofgod￣ good mature, half prison all know, praise once.
　　"Tikhim: a generation lacking in belief will inevitably encounter a divine rod.
　　I am a god and have no stick.
　　Nietzsche disciples: 1916 -- 2016 wuhou hundred dip 
　　It is unfortunate to tell everyone that unless kris immediately releases the purple saint, the prophecy will not be completely broken.
　　I'm not in jail. I'm going to break the seal.
　　He is possessed by the devil and he can remember all those vests.
　　"Ge yimin: occupation ge black, hello.
　　The most hateful is ge yi-min. In order to increase his popularity, he copied and pasted the replies of others everywhere.
　　"Ge yimin :82, I think the political and religious unity, ultimately no government no religion, free people united. The future communist society will be a federation of free men and there will be no more dictatorship.
　　I'm ultimately immortal, I want to be truly immortal, always have sense. Realize communism first, eternal life: 1. Divine decree. Or 2. Technology.
　　Do you dare to say that you are not afraid of being betrayed by a Christian heresy
　　The true god is not afraid of fire.
　　"Live a natural and unrestrained 49: reply ge yimin: net friend yao. You're famous, if you don't want to.
　　> > five grain fengdeng 9999: the ge saint also came, welcome!
　　Dear meng, dear ge, you did not invent the religion of revelation
　　Because you dream only you know, how can others believe you? If you want people to believe in you, you have to have evidence, do some miracles, heal people and save people.
　　I am waiting. God has revealed my vision to all.
　　What year are you waiting for 2019 years? What if nothing happens in 2019? Did your sister ask you the same question?
　　Do you continue to make up 2020,2025 lies?
　　"Ge: find the reason, god can not be wrong, wrong formula.
　　I am not one of those who are neither good nor bad, for this is the word of the bible and this is the thought of Christianity. It doesn't matter if you talk about religion, I just hate the fact that you think you're Christ, which really hurts the glory of god.
　　Do you know what god hates most? You have read the bible? You have read the book of job? When you say that everyone is holy, your theory doesn't stand! The idea runs counter to the bible. You can only fool people who haven't read the bible! Are you afraid of a heresy from Christianity that seals you up?
　　You say you are involved in Christianity, even though you differ from Christianity.
　　"Ge is a Christian heresy to me? Or did Christianity condemn me to heresy?
　　(meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring) (meng ring)
　　"Ge is people: we universal rescue, the world heaven, all people. Communist society.
　　"-- meng ring: ge shen, do you want to tell people directly that you are a false god in 2019?
　　"Kris." it's extrapolated from the bible.
　　Live a natural 49: ge yimin, baidu certification! Brother, you're having a blast
　　This reputation will be huge! Influence spreads in uncontrollable directions. If... The government has also acquiesced or approved. The world will shake. Brother is ready?
　　Wrong! Baidu all can attestation, you old friend ability is very high! Is the old saint you? God's thinker is your trumpet?
　　"Ge hua: hello, ge hua regards you as a friend. Now certification is a writer certification, general people on a few words, ge is a paragraph of words, really rare.
　　If the government supports it, it is a man of god. Ge said social trials.
　　God ge, please answer me some questions
　　Please do not copy and paste again
　　Are you doing it for money
　　Are you a personality cult
　　Are you trying to control people
　　If not, do you have an ulterior motive
　　Please answer me honestly
　　I know you are a theocracy communist, you want popularity only, but do not for popularity unscrupulous means.
　　"Ge yimin: all not, for human communist society.
　　There is also a school of education spread by the Internet
　　Even claiming the second coming of Christ. But let's not insult them, because god wants christians to love, even hate. Just pray for them.
　　Why not the ＾wordofgod￣? Are you not neurotically the judge of all the net friends on you and your thoughts? Why do you copy and paste comments everywhere when you say it's none of your business? Those are our words, they belong to our copyright. What rights do you have to infringe? And in your book?
　　So did you donate the ＾wordofgod￣ contribution you published, or did you say that for the society, not for money, secretly rely on the money to sell books?
　　What you can do is not to announce on the Internet that I am in jail
　　I am the Christ, and you must all listen to me. But to do, to prove, to perform miracles. Now that you're going to save the human race, there's money to be made to sell books to poor mountain areas, do something for the public good, and help people who deserve it.
　　Even if you can't make the deaf hear and see, you can always donate money to them. Should you also do something useful to those who are in a worse situation?
　　This naturally has a large number of people to believe in you, do not need to copy and paste other people's speech to earn the popularity, you say I am right?
　　"Ge hua: evangelism is the greatest charity.
　　I oppose 360: kris is the leader of a cult derived from Christianity
　　Self-proclaimed "reincarnation of Jesus", author of the divine book the ＾wordofgod￣ (yes the ＾wordofgod￣ is not the bible)
　　But I beg you, don't cheat those girls!!!
　　Li Juan, glacier tiannu, starry sky, etc., how much did you do sorry to them? Did you tell everyone she loved her alone? Have you ever thought about your wife? What about your kids? Did you think of them when you said that? Why would you say that to them? I know a lot of what you say is lies! You didn't graduate from nanjing university at all! Because you are not on the list of graduates. I know, it's your privacy, but don't hurt those girls' feelings!!!
　　"" kris is god. Listen to him." Shame on you!
　　98.meng bell: ge yimin deceives the religious feelings under the banner of god
　　Nothing could be more despicable.
　　You're sorry 1994
　　How can you predict 2019 when you can't even be right about the past? How can you compare with the Lord when you cannot even hold your conscience to account?
　　What you do you know, you don't have to change the number to make me confused, what you do is not only guilty of your own morality, but also illegal, this need not I say, you also need not search everywhere my post.
　　Don't think I don't know what you're doing.
　　If you repent now, there is still time, I believe the Lord will forgive you, amen!
　　1994.2.21 you understand
　　"Ge hua: you even ge yimin big marriage video also saw, is really a profession ge black, dedicated.
　　Dream of meng ring: ge yimin, career dare not worry. Having said that, is your conscience aroused?
　　Do you have a clear conscience about your family? In fact, again how to persuade you, you are sure to continue to do, so that the future decades after you convince yourself. All cults aim to cheat money and sex. Are you an exception?
　　The aim of worldly life is to let one's bestiality go unchecked. You did it in your own kingdom.
　　Do not attack you, I believe that you eventually a day, money, you will regret!
　　>>> gehua: do not do an organization, therefore is not a cult.
　　Goshen will be king forever in 2019.
　　Dear meng, you are the greatest god in the universe!
　　How could you not know how I got your details?
　　You can't hide everything. I know what you're doing.
　　Indeed, they are all satan's traps. But this is kris
　　I spent all day online following me, spreading his cult. Just yesterday, he followed me to love the Lord to preach.
　　>>> red tower smoke around finger soft: your word is god's word. Who are you? Another kris.
　　The champion of truth: which is right between Luther and the Pope?
　　Cayk: to show your support, I want to know where to buy your book ＾wordofgod￣
　　　　 Some people criticize ge yimin and do not mix well. I believe that good works have nothing to do with this person's social wealth. Marx did his great work under the harsh conditions of starving his two children and his wife.
　　　　 The wealth of life depends on the attitude of life. As the bible says, "where your wealth is, your heart is." Intellectual wealth, worldly money cannot be measured. I hope we can become like-minded friends.
　　JEjays: well, the post is paid for anyway
　　Ge's book was paid for by the party... What else do you say you can write?
　　Beggar-queen 99: kris, how does the name relate to the saint
　　This name, uh, two hands in the sky, two feet on the ground?
　　106. Optimistic water kirin: why did those who pretended to be crape myrtle write books?
　　Ge even made a ＾wordofgod￣, really ＾wordofgod￣! Almost all the book into the ziwei move this sentence influence!
　　People such as ge yimin are impostors. Let's not say that he pretended not to pretend, isn't his thought the way I wrote it? 
　　Does the moral sutra fail to understand some of the characteristics of the saint, or does it ignore them for the sake of the name?
　　You and they half catty to eight two, who also don't say who!
　　107, cicada _ Ming: now I see the building main ID...
　　Think of every day in the big post bar machinery posted "anti - ge people" of the group of bastards. Tired not tired? ...... Think of others as outsiders and don't follow. Every day is a topic. Because of this, some people have to deal with the outside world, with these people who stir the topic.
　　I did not go to 9779: ge is a bit talented, but can not practice
　　Just short theory, the post - industrial era does not rise waves, can only in the Internet public opinion.
　　Is ge yiming brave to preach if he is really purple?
　　Ziwei had too many enemies to live once exposed. And to tell others, they will not believe, or all look upon him as a fool, also not necessarily.
　　But he should not pretend to be a saint, to quote the name of a saint.
　　Gangster, Pisces: ge is a contender for xi.
　　The greatest rescue in history: kris, when you can't prove your nonsense
　　Prison awaits you!
　　"Ge hua: truth: believe in god ge yimin for eternal life yongle.
　　"The greatest rescue in history: beware of national law.
　　Ge hua: ge shen is greater than the national law.
　　"By the light of the death: ge yimin trouble you can no longer be full of the Internet junk posts?
　　Think everyone else is stupid? Can't see that you are the only one who blows his own trumpet? Mind rot?
　　>> ge flower: free to preach the Gospel to you.
　　I miss you ge shen
　　I had been secluded for a long time and suddenly wanted to preach.
　　112. Ji4ming2_05: does gee-min have a miracle that can be repeated as required?
　　If not, just a book seller.
　　Live a natural life 49: @ ge yimin baidu post bar big V certification this is very niubi
　　Baidu, even certified thinkers. Officially sanctioned thinkers.
　　Thinkers, for the party and the government, that should not be the position. Because of reaction.
　　Does baidu dare to defy the world? That's official default or official approval and support!
　　It seems that ge yimin is the saint introduced by Yang.
　　Live it up: government support, such as this kind of thinker, is absolutely a matter of high-level meetings at the central level
　　Baidu should have no qualifications and legal procedures to recognize thinkers.
　　The thought of ge yimin is a mixture of Christianity and communism.
　　That is to say, the ideological system of semi-reactionary, semi-speculative which is half against Chinese communism.
　　There is a serious difference of belief between materialism and communism.
　　Ge is really capable!
　　Can move, or persuade, the government. , and secretly support in baidu certification thinker big V!
　　Looks like a tacit agreement with the government.
　　And there is a common intention to cooperate.
　　Not to mention, ge succeeded!
　　Government support, such as that of the thinker, is absolutely a matter of high-level meetings at the central level.
　　Cow bye!
　　I said how everywhere you can see kris, kris... The Internet.
　　Seems ready to be launched by the government to save the world!
　　Well, bless kris.
　　It was to take the route of the king and the holy one.
　　Certification is the first step. There should be an official announcement.
　　For example, Christianity and Islam are widely publicized. Or submit the ideology of kris to the United Nations... . Such steps.
　　The government doesn't support it, and baidu doesn't have the guts and any procedures to certify your thinker big V.
　　Life is cool: regimes remain the same. Ge is just a spiritual leader
　　Make the world believe? Isn't that just nonsense? The struggle and the war are still unresolved...
　　Ge hua: Shinto communism (ge yi democracy) unifies the world.
　　Live for a cheesy 49: yeah. How are these political groups and the royal family resolved? Have you believed in communism? And give up politics and royal power?
　　"MPF desk: all people are equal, a member of the freemen association.
　　116. pull the rope and walk the dog: ge yi people, world religion not all love to depict heaven palace paradise what?
　　No wonder one more.
　　"Ge hua: ge yi people god unify the world.
　　Jesus loved me first: kris took a look at some of the titles and content
　　It's like a book. A ＾wordofgod￣ is a ＾wordofgod￣
　　And the press was willing to publish it for him.
　　Live handsomely: kris is the almighty god.
　　Emperors, supreme leaders, organizational leaders... You have to listen to him.
　　R zhen acheng: ge yi people, you this doctrine, the United States has, ye zheng, Christian communism.
　　120, live a handsome 49: baidu certification thinkers activists, big V
　　Kris seems to have a lot of background.
　　How does baidu have the qualification of thinker?
　　Legal?
　　Government, anyway.
　　How's that?
　　The thinker certification, in absolute terms, the government would agree that the thinker comes to the people of education.
　　His ideas will form a code of conduct. Should be different from the law of current society.
　　This and this...
　　Can't understand.
　　Is it difficult to replace the current social system?
　　Or... Is the government going to change into the kris religion?
　　This is god almighty.
　　Old xi and Yang, can be regarded as the supreme god to let the whole nation follow?
　　The more I think about it, the less I think about it.
　　Baidu certification... This and this...
　　R zhen acheng: it's funny that ge yimin, the successor of communism has been completely wiped out by the state
　　You should go to the political bureau. Fighting tots, god ge rises.
　　122, zanbusha: kris' book also looks pretty good.
　　Monk light dust: discusses the special effects of five hairs of the grand fairy of ge yimin
　　Ge's male, from zhenjiang, jiangsu province. When I was young, I served in the imperial court after graduating from the primary school. When I was discharged, it coincided with the truth trend of thought in China.
　　After the millennium, the network rises, each big god comes on stage. Just in the middle of the political reform, the class contradictions fell out and the world was in chaos. In between, ancient prophecies or modern compilations.
　　Ge found an opportunity to achieve imperial greatness, copying the ＾wordofgod￣, circulation in each BBS.
　　Six doors found the matter, so on the prescript center. Central resolution, following the zhaoshi multi - Ben massage the heart of the sky. So, saints of all kinds took the stage.
　　It was a dark and dry night, and the six doors led a team of city administrators, knocking on the door in the name of water meters. Under the heartfelt advice, dividing baidu post bar for its sphere of influence.
　　The human saint paste bar is particularly very, a lot of folk righteous people can not be humiliated, one after another self-conscious baidu post bar.
　　After that, six doors to the name of many good Eddie and ge control, so that the progressive type of tieba people lost to slavery the world.
　　This is the reason that neuropathy is known to be neurosis, but he's been around.
　　These days, it's not just a few prophetic slogans that will win hearts and minds.
　　This monk light dust, braving the world's great, open the mist, look at the eyes.
　　Light dust monk: ge yimin's first class was appointed to the court
　　The practice is similar to that of zhao pu, a rightist in early song dynasty.
　　"Longxi yanling sword: hehe ge is not sleep a lot of flowers ah?
　　"" the evidence can way: ge yi people thief crazy here post
　　As for the content of other false scolding ge thief also disregard, in the post as long as he ge thief name line. The aim is to make an impact. This is the last two or three years all saints bar net clear fact. Early saints bar master Yin and the two ID of the watchman, has been bought by the ge thief, they open in baidu another post bar, is swallowed by the ge thief occupy, ge thief annexes to occupy the saint bar ambition has not died.
　　125 civilian jun ziwei: ge yimin can make money in the mountains.
　　Commoner ziwei: ge yimin over you dozens of streets.
　　Careless old men have a plot: kris, Jesus actually came six times since the Christian era
　　Three deaths by christians, three deaths by pagans, and never by atheists.
　　So Jesus decided to come to the kingdom of atheism for the seventh time.
　　I thought it was probably China, and your actions seemed to confirm some sense, so your purpose should mainly be to welcome the arrival.
　　If you have the impulse to delete my replies, you have the impulse to kill Jesus, just like the believers before you. Because these words are meant for you to hear, other people just see it is equal to do not see it.
　　Wang xiangu: ge yimin can publish a book why can't you
　　His early departure was in Hong Kong. I don't know much about it. You can ask him. He has experience and he works at xinhua news agency.
　　129. Humanity is dead: the society depicted by kris is something like the Brave New World
　　>>> be by your side jast: ge hei (ge, you make sexual freedom nobody tube you, but don't use evil religion to cheat a woman), from your between the line estimate that think utopian world and your value have left, you think is evil religion also
　　Needless to say, it's just an instinctual or organic response to your values, and the idea of free humanity is supposed to be worth promoting. Why
　　Must block, muzzle, make false accusation, hide, with a kind of lie inform in the world. The attribute of cheating only reflects the low moral quality of such people.
　　Bad morals. As a matter of fact, what is the purpose of the control of public opinion from wave to wave? Think about the crux of the matter.
　　"Ge hua: 85. In the communist society, everyone has absolute freedom without producing victims. Material equality and the law of conscience urge people to work hard.
　　130, Ye Feng: the Lord is exist, or he is GeYiMin similar
　　You're right, he knows all about the east, he knows nothing about the west, he knows everything about the west, why doesn't he wipe out all the infidels? Competing with a bunch of blasphemers for the poor believers on earth? You're full.
　　>>> I oppose 360: transcendental fortune-teller of all out
　　Help me transcend/free these bear children who are attached to the electronic doll. Thank you.
　　Wish of the fairies: kris, at least they are an illegal organization
　　You can call the police and ask the uncle to arrest them, maybe for a week.
　　Melody of dawn: those idiots of kris are still dancing recently
　　But only a few vests are left to jump on the net.
　　"Ioio543: this person seems to be an officially recognized thinker of baidu, really speechless.
　　Was the account that posted here the other day a robot or a real person?
　　Breaking dawn melody: robots are just programs written by real people.
　　"Ioio543: is the official title fake?
　　Breaking dawn melody: this is true. Li yanhong has been silly, not for a day or two.
　　"Ioio543: this ge is a self-proclaimed saint, why does baidu not give him his title? I don't have enough brain.
　　"The whiteness of Mars: different people, different purposes, the same set of theories.
　　133the chanter: ha, ha, laughing to death, I have long heard that kris this foolish desire to be the most holy prophet
　　He wrote a book called the ＾wordofgod￣.
　　Red republic: kris, a former self-proclaimed communist leader and Jesus Christ
　　Lord of the people's temple.
　　135, let me 40 yards 4 seconds 2: ge yimin, a look at this person's information
　　Isn't this nima a crook? She's still a god? Funny?
　　Soul dujiangyan: ge yimin, he in the philosophy bar made a very hi
　　I want to know how a guy like him adds v, just a stick and a rascal.
　　"Zhengfule123: what? Is there still a king from east to west, north to south, to build a communist kingdom, to lay down nanjing, the northern expedition?
　　Paris in the water: will the owners of the first floor who have a private garage listen to kris?
　　Does a thief think of ge yimin when he reveals the disfigurement of a supermarket employee he stole? Will Isis listen to kris? If feng xiaogang wants to make a film
　　Does the film demystify kris, kris has a way? If the netizen scold ge yi people, does ge yi people have recruit?
　　>>> gehua: god will give everyone this big vision.
　　Paris is in the water: is it god or kris?
　　Who is god? Regardless of who god is, can god solve the four questions above? Private lands, disfigurement, ISIS, directors, what about the gods?
　　"Ge hua: ge yi people is god, will renew the human mind, 2019, the whole solution.
　　Paris is in the water: the question is not settled, the answer is not answered.
　　Then why not go to read too old gentleman is urgent like law and order and rescript? Why don't you read amitabha? Why not say long live chairman MAO? for
　　Why not say the name of Allah and akbar? Must we say kris? Is this only good for the private lives of kris?
　　"Ge hua: 1. God updates human thought. 2, god will have revelation to everyone, listen to kris. 2019.
　　Paris is in the water: master, kris wants to renew your thoughts
　　What do you think you should do? Do you know kris? Search it. I've seen pictures, older than you.
　　>>> gehua: updates all humans, humans.
　　Children of heaven and earth: ge yimin's bullshit theory, bullshit thought, ge ＾wordofgod￣ fast end.
　　Jesus loved me first: there is a book called "the ＾wordofgod￣" which is really enough for neurosis
　　Even god called ge yimin to speak of the almighty cult ii such a straightforward title think also happy this IQ disease is not light ah.
　　An optimistic water kirin: ge is a people, the way of a saint, people do not contend.
　　Even this can't be done. I always do not know, why the memory of a great man after the death of honor, now why someone hard to their head?
　　It's best not to say that you're psychic or anything. If you're supposed to talk, don't hold god down! You play like this with dead and dead juxtaposition yo!
　　The most powerful tool to make lies disappear is time.
　　Have seen some in tianya, are you against kris na or support him?
　　Dream of the sun: kris, the illegitimate son of god?
　　So discredit god, also not afraid to be burned to death by real christians, hong xiuquan reincarnation?
　　Violet petals: kris, use the format and tone of the bible?
　　     Is gershon a schizophrenic? Was the Hong Kong editor kicked in the head by a donkey or into mercury? 
　　　　 What is it about spreading ideas and not making religion?
　　　　 What is the definition of religion? Core ideology and doctrine + believers + positive influence of society (patriotism, friendship, etc.); Cults, logical oddities + generate profits
　　Benefit individual (the dean) + aggressive (even potential) + the audience after accepting weird thinking even has the essence sign...
　　　　 What did gershon do?
　　　　 If nothing else, what is called "the future communist society where everyone has a normal marriage and children, whose extra-marital affairs are not morally prohibited, the future communist society
　　Yes, any adult male or female can go to wushan voluntarily. This kind of behavior is completely happy and harmonious without moral prohibition. We want to
　　Build toilet as many sexual intercourse place, any adult male and female, as long as need, can enter, meet opposite sex, both parties voluntarily, feasible zhou gong
　　Ritual, everyone's sexual satisfaction is as convenient as going to the toilet, since going to the toilet does not have the moral problem, on the sexual intercourse place also does not have the moral problem, no
　　The act of having victims is moral, the sexual liberation and freedom of every human being, the human sexual freedom into the free kingdom "?
　　　　 So tempting - it's not a spiritual boost, it's a throwback, isn't it? I wonder if I can think of it as encouraging people to release their primal desires
　　Want, finally catch a whole body venereal disease, be dragged to death by virus?
　　　　 Monogamy is yoke? The aim is to avoid promiscuity! Moreover, lust is the characteristic of the beast, everywhere and everywhere
　　The human race has been evolving for years, a bit of a bestiality is undeniable, but it's not going backwards!!
　　　　 Man is man because he has reason and morality, which should be distinguished from animals. Sir This is a return to barbarism
　　The evil fire...
　　Violet petals: has your excellency participated in the sages tournament more than four years ago?
　　　　 Not to mention whether you are true, these years of effort achieved part of the prophecy?
　　　　 The tao of the sages, the tao of the saints. The process of proving oneself is also a kind of argument! You even feigned
　　In a sense, it is also a struggle.
　　　　 I've always wondered, what posthumous honor do you miss, or what you wear on your head while you're alive?
　　　　 On the layout of the saints: why hasn't it appeared for so long? Since 2012? Every year is the year of the saint's rise and fall
　　How many times? I've thought about this before. Why does he hold his breath? Then I came to a conclusion: eliminate lies (impersonation)
　　The best way to do this is not to fight against each other, but to break down the clock. Include building Lord.
　　　　 Prevent the saint from leaving? Enthusiastic and concerned bystanders do not have to lick their faces to have a "out of the mountain" action - the saint is not benevolent,
　　Let the common people be my dog! It's one thing to stop him, it's another to need him
　　　　 Don't treat people as fools
　　147, violet petals: ge yimin, add two points:
　　　　 1. Who doesn't want to have a happy family and enviable love? How can you get true love if you go around courting? You can do it with both hands
　　True love only appears in fiction. If the person you have sex with has sex with someone else, don't ask, don't ask
　　Are you feeling overwhelmed? Most people look at an old couple at dusk and admire them for their soulful union
　　? Why don't we believe that?
　　　　 2. You said you were a saint? There is a prophecy that says, if you want to ask a saint's name, he who cultivates the fields by the stream - "by the stream" should have water, ge yi
　　Where is the water, people? Is your real name ge yi-min? Ha ha...
　　　　 The word formation of the tiller beside the stream, looked up the dictionary, also "han (han)" can point.
　　　　 The name refers to the king, ge yi people -- li shimin? Too far-fetched! Han (han) can also have a king of han liu bang, han people do not call the law also from
　　Did the dynasty begin?
　　　　 Why don't you just change your name and move up a little bit?
　　     If the saints really want to magnify their tactics, do you really think you can stand his blows? Wake up and cure yourself 
　　God is still a good comrade!!!
　　     The greatest concession to the barbarism of human nature should be the recognition of its objective existence. Don't forget that you are a person and have personality 
　　?
　　　　 Even if you want to go into the water, don't pull everyone into the river...
　　　　 Your offer to tolerate extramarital affairs, I can understand that you are thinking with the lower half of the body? Saint, do not seek perfection
　　But we need him to use the movement of the thinking worm, not the splattering worm..
　　　　 Think tie cable connect boat, that you do not enter the shipyard with monopolistic quality!
　　Violet petals: can you just take the tone of the bible, kris?
　　     Is it useful to persuade a small group of people (on the religious fringe)? We have to convince those who are religious enough that god can throw away life 
　　-- Christianity and its branches, the four great sects of Islam, Buddhism and its branches (who is orthodox?) !
　　　　 The sage is above all a wise man -- he who speaks with the wise man depends on the word, he who speaks with the word depends on the word, he who speaks with the word depends on the matter. [devil's corn]
　　　　 Don't say you are only responsible for religion. Do not saints have to build a blueprint to promote the rejuvenation of Chinese culture? So is the word of the devil's corn
　　Part of Chinese culture!
　　　　 The holy man would not have been born in the bible if he had merely based his theories on the scriptures of Jesus, god of the quran
　　Kingdom, he should be born in Jerusalem! There is the holy city of the three religions, there is a lot of war, people should think more thoroughly about the hostile state!
　　　　 There is also a practical problem. The sage is the world's thought leader. The least you can do is give a public speech
　　When people sit on the platform, their logic will flow smoothly.
　　Dear meng, give me a break! Nobody knows in 2019
　　Only the father knows, not even the son, and you don't deserve to be compared with him!!! Can Internet only spread, study other cult, arouse people's interest, run a leg for oneself cause, do not think the Internet is omnipotent!!! Ge the dragon!
　　My name is wondrous: ge's dreams are true, and the singularity is true
　　Interpretation is wrong, for the people of kris are immoral, vain, arrogant and unfaithful to Jesus Christ! Kris kidnapped the singularity, used Christ for his own sake! It's useless! When kris died, the singularity was born, and in Jesus Christ was born again as Christ. -- Goethe is a false god, a false prophet of Christ, an idol unto himself.
　　My name is marvellous: the apostle of Jesus Christ, the singularity, thy flesh is dead
　　It is no longer you who are alive, it is Jesus Christ who lives in you, you are no longer kris, but the singularity of the new Christ. Kris is a false Christ, false god, false prophet, and the singularity is true. Old men die, new men die. The name of kris will be obliterated! .
　　"Ge hua: ge is the new name of Jesus.
　　My name is wondrous: of all Kings, kris the first to turn to the true Christ Jesus
　　Repent of your SINS, be reborn in the anointing of Jesus Christ, become a new man, reign with Christ, take charge of the wonderful "singularity" of deacons, become the sacrificial "father" of oxen, wear nose ring, willingly love, eternal life as Jesus Christ's chained captive apostle.
　　153. JTorrance: yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
　　"Who's disputing"? The 19th century German philosopher and historian Bruno Powell disagreed with the existence of Jesus. The first century Roman historian suetonius disagreed with the existence of Jesus. You don't really think the existence of Jesus is undisputed, do you? Muhammad existed, he admitted that Jesus existed, so that means Jesus really existed, right? Kris exists, so the "god" he claims exists? God logic.
　　154 Paris in the water: ge is now registered as an online thinker, zhang fuxin, how do you do?
　　He says he's a saint. What do you do?
　　155. Optimistic water unicorn: failing to reach the goal in 2019, draw a circle to curse ge yimin
　　Some censors, why is it that a little of the so-called sensitive words on websites such as fiction are banned again and again (though it is easy to be highly artistic), and that ge is so mad as to turn a blind eye? Freedom of speech is not here to be magnanimous, is it?
　　If it's a form of performance that is officially allowed to relieve pressure on the rest of the work force, that's another story
　　Paris in the water: what is your concrete method of unifying the world, kris?
　　What are the specific steps? What was the world like after unification? How do people live? What about feng delun?
　　Is not ge yi people take a fancy to shu qi, god teaches the holy lady shu qi, I in want to wait for after ge yi people unify the world, shu qi naturally return to ge yi people, that feng derun how to do?
　　Violet petals: kris, Christian communism was before Marx
　　     There are believers all over the world. 
　　　　 The purpose of ＾wordofgod￣ is just a book that meets the taste of these people. If ISIS were to teach
　　Books to show off?
　　　　 All I ask is that he has called st for so long (around 2011-2016?). What about the effect? Should there be voices? Don't say a thing until the time comes
　　If he had been a saint for five years -- would a chemical egg have stunk?
　　　　 And his "god" : "I am god, believe in him!" Is his Chinese taught by his PE teacher? That's obvious
　　Wrong! Did the so-called "god" tell him in his dream? How to read all think that "god" sent a miracle in the eyes of the public to say
　　? Which person is wrong? What else? Ha ha...
　　Can I say this is copying Jesus' words? Don't you see the big trends? The only way to do this is to explore the old and new ideas of classical Chinese thought
　　New is the way out, and Christianity is the way out. -- islamic buying? Buddhism
　　Buy it?
　　"Ge hua: god says," I am god, listen to him. -------- god's word, tell kris, let us hear him.
　　In today's two major (social production and the Internet revolution), the realization of the concept of "ge yi democracy" and the realization of the communist society, the material conditions have been met, just as the spiritual conditions have been met, namely, the renewal of the human mind, the Gospel of ge yi democracy spread around the world and was accepted by mankind. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- 2019
　　Joining forces: kris, a cult, a farmer with bad intentions
　　Out of the religious nature of the book, claiming to be the ancient prophecy of the coming saints. Have a few people to blow all day long, unluckily have no culture, cheat all can't cheat a person. Wait until 2012.
　　"Question mark is do not know: you see, talk about this problem, the publicity team of ge yimin attracted. What does that mean?
　　Red flag of the deep sea: I believe in Marx, but I do not believe in kris. Eternal life violates the laws of biology.
　　"Optimistic water kirin: I wonder how the Hong Kong publishing house came up with a book for him. Mercury in your brain? If you write a book at your own expense -- you'll be proud
　　The trouble is, his book is pathetic! A little bit of sociological and psychological rules are not understood, just say some of the perversion of the assurance of the big words! Unthinking heroics...
　　Wang wen, riding naked at night: if you are a prophet, you should at least reply
　　These posted about your posts, let alone giving people lessons to the people in the light, the world is really good at Jesus said there are many, but not like you so vanity publishing and open weibo so that everybody knows your name and not true, don't you copy the comments to his own weibo is deleted, fear of others or want to leave a read like a record of his name at this moment, smug? I think you're a little funny. Christ has at least 12 followers when he's preaching, but I can't find your supporters.
　　"Ge yimin: ge hua and I both responded to the comments. All of my comments are on the ＾wordofgod￣, because it's history. The ＾wordofgod￣, 300,000 words, is light.
　　See ＾wordofgod￣ 23 saints witness.
　　Is ge yimin the son of the god of noodles?
　　162. Three thousand points to exterminate the robbery: post a missionary, I only serve the people.
　　>>>ccflywa: what new cult is goi people?
　　Liu da duck's egg: ge yi people himself is a god stick, but those who preach should be all black.
　　Classic eye: what the hell is ge yimin? Often see someone make advertisement!
　　"Laozi" no one deliberately publicity but sales of thousands of, you these scum, ah.
　　165jesus loved me first: kris, "the ＾wordofgod￣s" is really a mental illness who CARES about him?
　　I am ricardo: brother, do you believe in the people of kris?
　　"The jade of white crystal: do not believe ge hua.
　　I'm ricardo: and I'm not religious, not a gershon family
　　That you scold of two hundred clip heart to have the possibility to believe ge yi people, so I just ask him! I'm going to stop here.
　　"The jade of white crystal: well, know evil cult organization all is human face animal heart. He talks so dirty.
　　The guhua family is really bad.
　　I am ricardo: some of these folk organizations are not necessarily evil cults, as long as they do not kill people, they are not evil cults.
　　"The jade of the white crystal: it is more serious to break the law than to kill people.
　　Michael's blessing: is not the people of kris a cult? Why did you let it out?
　　How are you going to go in again?
　　And then her mother shut up to her mother in 2 years of security released out of the fart ah should pick up a lifetime of soap.
　　You do not believe that kris is god. Will ye believe him? How did everyone become a god? Go to the prison and get some soap.
　　"Qin sheng chu dance: everyone is god? That's what Christianity is all about.
　　A few years ago, he was arrested by the police. Unfortunately, he was only sentenced to 2 years.
　　"Qin sheng chu dance: this brain remnant will not become the climate.
　　You didn't know this cult had tens of thousands a few years ago.
　　"Qin shengchu dance: or overestimated people's IQ.
　　"Alchor: where does the people go? You're a heretic!
　　Michael bless: you have found a cult in the rabbit bar. Some ge yi people in the rabbit bar missionary.
　　The girl was caught by the police several years ago. I think the block just came out
　　No kidding. He belongs to kris. One of the cult members who was arrested a few years ago.
　　This guy shouldn't have been released.
　　People of kris had quarrels with them every day for several years. To save the innocent from being cheated. Until ge was caught.
　　I just told my best friend.
　　Death to the cults.
　　170.chinese flight attendant reporter: does he wentao also want to learn from ge yimin to propagandize for the brain control worshippers?
　　>>> michaela blessing: several years ago saw you in each post bar community development offline.
　　Stickguo: ge hua.
　　How many years have passed since this kind of people came out?
　　Michaelmas blessing: the master rabbit bar has just discovered that there are members of a cult preaching. A few years ago, ge was arrested by the public security as a cult. But look at the way the rabbit bars proselytize.
　　Don't be an owl. Don't be an owl
　　Want to learn dysentery red hemorrhoids to make a big??? Continue to plague people???
　　You also don't see oneself of smelly morality sex, despise!!
　　The blessing of Michael: I have seen before, kris, when I was Lord, that you dare to spread evil things everywhere
　　I should say your methods are low. A baidu number just change individual also can use careful check water meter oh.
　　Cults are rampant.
　　Watch the cult turn up and kill them.
　　Michael's blessing: kris, meow's report to a close friend of the police who found the cult turned out to be totally ignored
　　To say to someone else they don't care. Who in the hell rules this cult?
　　The net police on the net a heap of eat excrement to embrace don't know a few times root no matter the grass must make big just tube.
　　At present, all the missionary work goes to the rabbit bar.
　　One is that it's not their jurisdiction. One said it couldn't be helped. P is not available.
　　How about turning into a wheel? My real job is to nip the damage in the flames.
　　Ge yimin is a cult leader.
　　They say no one caught them because TG knew they were real. Call oneself crape myrtle saint 2019 one unified whole world. Communist or communist wife.
　　What is the harm to society? The self-proclaimed gods gather to gossip. Must we get alajuabak?
　　The birth of the saint in 2019 was first reported by the Tibetan lama. There are at least 10 people who call themselves the saint of crape myrtle.
　　Have you ever seen ＾wordofgod￣s?
　　This claim to be divine. Is a saint. And there are already a lot of people who should not be caught?
　　I only solve practical problems, such as those of kris, but it can't be solved in a day, ok?
　　How long has it been? How many years since 2000?
　　174. Paris is in the water: ge yimin, can your dream really come true?
　　Didn't you know that all the cult leaders, as long as they were men, wanted to take advantage of the cult to possess women? You're a real cliche. Do you think a lie is repeated 10,000 times and then believed? Where is god in the world? The big three religions are all because they have profound ethical theories. Do you have them?
　　You know what it means to be a Muslim, right? It means absolute obedience. As you like, ask people to listen to you unconditionally. Is that possible? You should go to jail, or be shot. America fights cults. Search for them yourself. You got a new one? Nothing new. You probably want another donation, right? You do not give birth, but others work to support you, this is god?
　　You want a second wheel? You want to learn li zhihong too? He hasn't owned a female yet, and even he's screwed up so badly, how many foreigners have declared the wheel a cult, and you still have a play?
　　175.christian communism is recognized by the Christian church, but less so at home
　　Daybreak melody: how would you be if the Vatican Pope hadn't acknowledged your cult?
　　"Ge hua: ge is a god, people need to admit why?
　　Daybreak melody: less domestic... Ha ha, is except you one all have no, you when everybody does not know the thing of the foreign country?
　　"Ge hua: isn't it the greatness of ge shen?
　　The melody of dawn: the saint of kris is just what kris thinks she is
　　Those women, like liu yifei, didn't even know him. It's one of the things he does to please people and make them see how pathetic he is
　　Violet petals: does anyone really support them?
　　Who is stupid enough to support a joke? Then it's a joke! Although it is said that China lacks public values, then again
　　Bad can't choose this kind to fill up? Unless you want to relax and laugh at the hectic pace of life
　　Student: negative energy in? Then the merit is boundless......
　　　　 Or do you want to use this person to force the Lord to speak out and declare war on ge? I feel bankrupt. He went crazy five years ago and he didn't even come out with an ax
　　Don't say he's young, what about gareth? A saint is not kind
　　>>> ge hua: ge is the right Lord.
　　1778, xiaolong 5561: the opposite side: [kaoe-min's "thriller bible" (＾wordofgod￣)]
　　[fang zhouzi's criticism of Christianity]
　　Out of the bible
　　179, good sheep do not eat the nest side grass: ge yi people, I know is the leader of the cult first
　　>>> we are history: hehe, now know why I let those reactionary things spread in the net, without these dirty things estimate and have
　　The next wheel.
　　RYU of tragedy: magnetic-explosive infantryman Yang yongxin, mind control kris.
　　Mfj886: it's unfair for you, kris. You must be better than sakyamuni
　　None of those living buddhas are as good as you, why you are treated as a joke and those more humble liars are worshipped. It's not fair.
　　182. Wang shanshan: god gei is great
　　"Young litterateur" journal published by China zhiwang on April 11, 2015
　　Contemporary Christian communism - the ＾wordofgod￣ > by ge yimin
　　"Zhang duyun: the foundation gate with Chinese characteristics.
　　Sarah bisce A: who is kris?
　　Chinese flight attendant reporter: a cult, I do not understand why ge people every day on the network hype is no one arrested him?
　　184, dragon dance firmament: such as ge yimin, zheng quefei, lu yong, xiang feng, etc. "great saint"
　　Saint is later generations in a long time to make special contribution to human society are addressed, saint generally can't be when times get the title of the world, because of the saint require hundreds or even thousands of years of verification can be absent ratification by the saint must first of all at the same time have a big impact on human society long-term school characteristic of the founder and great thinker, this man is slowly but surely research academic, or done.
　　Conditions of saint ratification is very rigorous and serious thing, in the modern age, is can't be found in modern saints, not to blindly ignorant self-styled saint, self-styled saint is only for two things: one is that those born in the bottom of the ignorance of the vulnerable groups, the other is the ripoff trivial cheater. Want people to take, don't be deceived, don't self-righteous self-styled name, it will only become a laughing stock, such as GeYiMin, Zheng Kuifei, yong-jun, every selected item, etc. "great sage", said he how can bring humanity to save humanity and happiness, really like a clown farce, ridiculous folly is very funny! Healthy people should be actively involved in a variety of valuable and meaningful work and life.
　　185, flying snow on mt. Tianshan: is ge yimin the god stick who created the Christian communist thought?
　　"Silent xiang 88: that ge yi people, sent a robot to the bar to preach.
　　"Thousand Pa 7 K uncle: don't take a reason, you take a reason, he copied you elsewhere, or back to you. If you want to answer, you can open a scolding, all dirty words he does not copy.
　　186 chushi: ge yimin, don't think you can't see all the tg you've made
　　Sooner or later you'll be finished. If you don't want to end up worse than the qn cult, stop it, you know.
　　Brother of bore: hong xiuquan is the second, ge is the third most
　　Michael's blessing: many cults in China. Rael, the self-proclaimed purple sage. Taught by a robot or something.
　　GeYiMin. The river's flow. Chaplain. Zheng Dakui.
　　Take a look at these books and see what evil cults are like.
　　What the hell. The Gospel of peace is a mess.
　　Crazy SBSB: ge yimin, an evil demon outside way, can have now of fame, also be rare
　　Hold Shift and run wild: I have never understood this what people who is the people, recently this name in the rabbit bar is fast refresh
　　"Jiluo636: the second wheel?
　　>>>Alchor: just a godstick.
　　"Benben2128: it has been verified by baidu.
　　"A1364008: who is he? What else do we do with anything that's gongchanism? What the hell? Isn't GCZY materialism? What the hell are you talking about?
　　189, the demon hidden: ge yi people already exceeded 2 to cheat the entertainment category
　　The gods and sticks can be their own fooling entertainment, to make their own niubi more powerful appearance, all know that they are not god. But he was too much of a god. Truth: he's a lunatic. You should scold him!
　　190 ly598513317: you say this man is like that kris
　　The clown of jumping beam, mosquito small demon, demon speech deceptions, demagoguery people. A heart without honor is its own interest. Deceiving secular people and breaking secular thought, oneself indulge in power
　　To be false, to raise an immortal, is to be possessed.
　　191, happy guy: ge yimin, indeed, he is our saint
　　I read his articles on the blog in China, which has the demeanor of our founding leader MAO Lao jia! I firmly support him to be a saint, raise both hands to approve, ge yi people quick go out of hill! We are invincible ge yi people's saint longevity! All hail, all hail!
　　Who is ge yimin? Haven't heard. For science
　　>>>493988502: a man who calls himself Jesus' brother.
　　He wrote some strange books. At least you split the sea. And so on. Write a book and make people believe him.
　　193. Liosting: ha ha ha! Kris, god! Communist leader!   Really not afraid of tg kill him?
　　"Alchor: just because it's so bad to live, now the government takes care of the food.
　　"Ge hua: ge shen is greater than TG.
　　It's not easy to kill sv: kris, isn't it just a wicked and evil dog?
　　>>> dark knight: American YY comes out of things Chinese people go to the letter of the misfire.
　　"-- Charles: but for the gods of man's YY?
　　"I want to fly, : machine gun sweep once can live I letter.
　　Ge hua: @ge yimin is the only thinker certified by baidu.
　　"Charles m: baidu certification is intellectual disability.
　　Gangster: kris, you want to be king
　　Communism had to go through a lot of pain to sit on the throne.
　　Sf man: kris, his set is disgusting
　　Unexpectedly someone letter, write a book name what not good, must call "＾wordofgod￣", true tm ＾wordofgod￣.
　　"One sail one smile: the fly does not bite the seamless egg! The mortal stick that one is not eloquent!
　　"Flowers for nothing: ge yimin, no attention, no time to beat such people.
　　"The chamber twins: ge yimin, a common dog, do not know.
　　The more humble, the more arrogant, the less intelligent
　　The more "able" to speak these bible books, such as people, such as the lightning of the east, Christ has moved, the ignorant fearless.
　　"Happy cloud 666: even if you don't want to go too far, this time it is the race survival and extinction, good devil fighting, or small first try to defeat a famous temple
　　It's easy to think of a politician's pet peeve article that caters to anyone who wants it.
　　Ge hua: @ge yimin is the only thinker certified by baidu.
　　Meet furong on a trip: it can't be true. What kind of family name in China has nothing to do with it.
　　198, sf god man: I have not been so inferior to the file, said ge yimin's perseverance is also strong
　　So many years of persistence.
　　H zhao han wei H: what is this ge yimin?
　　You can always see its army.
　　"Qin sheng chu dance: eternal life? It's the funniest word I've ever heard.
　　"Wants you to stay: it's funny, isn't it serious nonsense?
　　Live smartly 49: ge is taller than you
　　The others you mentioned... It shouldn't be your opponent. You may not have found a way or a point of view to deal with them. Or maybe you didn't
　　Their mistakes.
　　The brahma sutra: their biggest mistake is to say dirty words, ge yi people will say: I am god, you all have to listen to me.
　　"Eye color 7: reply ge yi people god: you are what trifle, have the ability water walk a circle I see!
　　Xiao long 5561: ge yimin, the most effective way to draw people's heart is to create a cult
　　>>> four daoist: can continue to live, just qualified to become "god".
　　>> excalibur: none of the guys who call themselves gods is good enough to take your brain out of your heel and use it.
　　"13452795070: I am waiting for reality to hit the face, kris behind the investigation, who knows he is not brain or the other side.
　　"Qc86851198: no problem that's over there or somebody's doing nothing.
　　One of your believers will burn himself, and you will get an American green card.
　　"Ge hua: here you are.
　　> > rub the dog: give me what? You want me to put petrol on my head and fire up in front of tian 'anmen square while Shouting "kris the kris" for eternal life? And then they die.
　　I'm not against him. I can't do something like this.
　　> > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > yeah, that's not what anybody does.
　　202, the largest rescue in history: ge yimin, I am the emperor, early caught him.
　　Cast aspersions on the public!
　　So the world without a monarch is terrible!
　　203, 13452795070: kris, also 2019 communist unification of the world?
　　Do you believe your dream, which seriously violates the law of social development and international relations? Think about what your high school political teacher taught you. This is a material world.
　　And god, if you spread this doctrine, Chinese christians will kill you in a minute, believe it or not, the person named ge has looked up Christianity
　　The source? Did you look up the relationship between Marx and Engels? Did you know that the country that gave birth to the communist idea was Germany, or was it the austro-hungarian empire
　　Germany, does he know how Jesus died, what about Easter, did he know about the new and old testament, how the year of the Christian era came?
　　Primary school ideological and moral teachers have taught the way to identify religions and cults, which is the doctrine of the so-called god is heaven or a specific person.
　　What is the fundamental objective law of human social development that you can fudge?
　　>>> divine sword super sound: sad and deplorable people wish you far away from the demon of ge.
　　204, yan zejing: ge yimin, everywhere publicity.
　　You can't eat or drink. Trust him.
　　The biggest rescue in history: ge could face more than four years in prison.
　　"Ge hua: ge yiming is king in 2019.
　　Satan Satanes: welcome to anyone who finds a savior
　　But also can not distinguish true and false can privately letter to me, inquire good birthplace, time of birth, gender, photograph, be like ge yi people that kind don't bother me, obviously false of, his that pig face also call baby face? True saint does not call oneself, those who call oneself don't bother me, search intelligence also wants to have level good.
　　Grace, if this is not a cult, who is?
　　>>>MBLEE1989: neurosis, who care. I'm crazy about being famous.
　　>> death penalty: this is for him to die, the country is resolute to suppress the cult.
　　> pueraria: no cult.
　　Death penalty: kris, don't try to beat the government on the wheel
　　Otherwise Lao li did not know more moist.
　　"Ge hua: god has no organization.
　　>>> death penalty: there is a word "teach" also dare to call no organization, have no say.
　　Stars at midnight: apparently the wheel Lord is second.
　　"Ge hua: to promote ideas.
　　208 days of depravity: kris, even Internet religious people
　　Why would + great two words, and what is Internet religion?
　　>>> gehua: the prophet is great. The Internet prophet.
　　209, themaw: kris created n vests in tieba, and his spirit is in vest.
　　By the way, his book is called the ＾wordofgod￣.
　　The winter of light snow dancing: kris, an atheist, is not generally believed.
　　There are many believers in theism.
　　The god of the world is not intentional: you ask your god (ge yi people) to come out and show signs to the world.
　　"Ge hua: chapter 1.
　　Xu yueliang: people like ge yimin are not even a cult trash
　　Just a few tip-offs and you're on your knees.
　　Fallen leaves end with the wind: have reported violent terror. Can you make it through 59 to promote a cult?
　　"The who ah, sick, every day in the post bar see this name.
　　Dear meng: ge even gives all positive and negative comments on him
　　All copied and pasted to their own website to attract attention. In fact, what they have done is nothing more than cheating money and sex.
　　Iron riding ring head: gee-people, alas, the integration of the three churches kui out of his mind.
　　Honestlover123: this man than wheels volunteers at depth?
　　Wheel li this is god, ge and li which level is higher?
　　Fall in the spring: drive him out of China so that he can enjoy god's life abroad.
　　The secret of time g: a ridiculous man is only the next yellow kerchief. If I had so many of you, you would have brought down this broken state, you rabble.
　　"70, 000 beans of joy: the prophet.
　　Paris in the water: zhang fuxin, ge yimin said he was a god, do you have the means to deal with him?
　　God says, "kris is god. Listen to him."
　　How do you, the king of the golden wheel, deal with kris? They are gods. What are you? From the future?
　　Who the hell are you two supposed saints?
　　Violet petals: logical thinking "record of the failures of the taiping heavenly kingdom entrepreneurship". Did hong xiuquan succeed?
　　　　 Ge yi minxian sen is not very clever either -- compare hong xiuquan one party, red fruit fruit of copy! Don't say things that are different from him, what's different about them? No, he has no luck. We really can't see the difference between Jason and him.
　　　　 If Lao luo is the blood that your thinking reveals, do not shout...............................................
　　"Ge hua: ge yimin's dream is true, old hong is obviously false, not from god, so failure.
　　!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
　　The statue of the god has dark circles under its eyes. It looks like the devil anyway.
　　"Sap2000v17i: what is ge yimin? The nickname of Jesus.
　　217, 493988502: ge yimin. Those who bear the banner of Christ but fail to shine are cults
　　I met carter: the god.
　　218, heng's heart a red dragon: ge yimin, finish this great achievement, die tens of millions? A few hundred million?
　　"00 track 00: don't understand god? Who was it?
　　"" no bullet screen what god do: do not know, first hit the world to say, otherwise too little visibility.
　　Burn incense at your fingertips. The rod, once it goes to a cult, is dead
　　"The wind over the trace ytb: immediately cult, believe it or not? Christianity is forbidden in our country.
　　"East ten 15 ding mu: the only thinker that baidu attests? I go to... Really, really
　　"The servant of god 830207: your doomsday will be ruined because it does not conform to the bible.
　　There has never been a god in the world named ge, thank you.
　　Wang xianmushroom: guyi people party is a good party.
　　"The law sea does not have the wisdom eye: a help flow down three excessive also want to play the god religion, the difference is too far.
　　The clever yellow dog: when these neuroses were born, it would have been two thousand years ago that another Jesus Buddha was born.
　　"The brahma sutra: ge is nervous, many netizens all gush.
　　Illusions: Allah is the only true god, Mohammed the only saint
　　The only prophet who can call himself a saint is something that rolls away and goes to a cult.
　　"Sf god man: it's hard for you to make so many small trumpets. It's still fifty cents paid.
　　"JennaLouise: promoting a god stick.
　　Bow 222, 110: gei people, the cult of nima flew
　　Since you are omnipotent, build me a rock you can't lift.
　　"Don't eat the side of the nest grass is you: this goods incredibly still own of?
　　"Wang xumi: is it ge himself? You're gonna get arrested, okay? You can kill yourself, and then be born again.
　　223, domineering put people in the king: ge is what things have huang xiaoming fire.
　　Isn't it a cult? Also known as contemporary thinkers.
　　"" flying ice cubes: that ge yi people is which brain remnants? I've seen a few of them. They're fucking sick.
　　Would that the next life should not meet: and the prophet Why don't you authenticate god?
　　Fire and brimstone: aren't all saints dead? The man who can live and ask for money is certainly not a saint.
　　My innate evil nature: kris, a cult.
　　"The static garden master: the home is not the home is everyone to give, is not oneself think of, oneself should always be modest, just a walker! Writers, workers, not families.
　　The wheel was banned not just because it was against the government, but because his laws were inherently flawed.
　　Who is ge yimin?
　　I don't know about mountain people: ge yimin, brother dao, your theory is out of date
　　No philosopher is a prophet. Anyone who's been to primary school knows you're a fraud. Even though Jesus was a liar, the people of Jesus were fools.
　　They are all deceiving. They allow Jesus. Why don't they allow kris.
　　Theologians should keep up with The Times. When Mohammed was a prophet, he was more than Christ.
　　226, my nature originally evil: ge yi people, baidu encyclopedia even this person did not have.
　　Attestation just says you're the one, not necessarily. A cult is a cult. It's better to be a cult than to be disguised.
　　"Wang xumi: baidu authority to certification thinkers? I remember that ge is a false certificate, the thinker certificate is not his own painting.
　　"Ge hua: baidu by" ＾wordofgod￣ "authentication.
　　Marx ghost warrior: ge yi people, you again hair, I go to your that website give report.
　　I tell you!!!
　　>>> to strong E7: ge you force, a day more than a dozen small in two bar hair dozens of post.
　　"Ge: the Gospel of violence.
　　My Lord: you people look like the Negro people
　　In fact, it is to do propaganda, no matter how stupid ideas are believed.
　　Feel this kind of post, come to do reverse propaganda.
　　>>> this square X small mirror: with ge yi people make "communist Christianity" same, all is a brain lack root string.
　　"Duoduoyixiao: the word" ge yimin "can not mention, immediately there will be flies to you.
　　What authority does baidu attestation have to admit publicly? It's not an authoritative certification at all. The only thinker? That's funny, that's in history
　　How many thinkers are missing?
　　"Ge hua: this batch post big V, attestation writer, only ge yi people many thinkers, modern prophetic books, divine inspiration.
　　"Meng ji zhao: these are what east east, I have never heard of, that surname ge or a few days ago in the rabbit bar know.
　　"" used to invisibility, diving: originally these people I do not know, but through your publicity, I suddenly opened, this is a group of that what goods people.
　　Time: it is not important to be a big V
　　He's him. I'm me. He wanted to combine the jewish religion of kneeling to the creator and the slave of the savior with the atheistic communism of the creator and the savior. Such thoughts are strange in themselves.
　　Do you know how serious the problem is if the kris attempt to combine the creator and the savior with the communism that denies the creator and the savior?
　　There is a fundamental difference between the jewish slave superstition and communism. I'm not trying to frame anybody.
　　"My original sin: the secret world. Is it about getting a bunch of brains on the doomsday wheel? Money, sex and suicide? Cult leader absconding abroad?
　　Vatican gudo: how did the stems of kris come
　　>>> class 5 trumpet: a guy who wants to be the best in red. A large number of trumpets were registered in the post bar to spread his crazy ideas.
　　>> >qq01081715: you this group of qr code head picture force goods don't pack, dozen advertisement dozen, return his mama black face red face.
　　231, 13452795070: ge yimin, baidu certification? Are you stupid?
　　A search engine certified thinker? Baidu why not heaven? The big V of baidu and the big V of micro-blog are the same, their speech and behind supporters are TM ghost you know not?
　　>>> gehua: baidu by "＾wordofgod￣" authentication. The only thinker. This batch of post bar big V, attestation writer, only the ge people many thinkers, modern prophetic books, divine inspiration.
　　The wind from the cloud lead: gee-people, mental illness ah, believe this trifle can heal?
　　To get rich? Family harmony? Can there be life?
　　BBB 0 BBB b1 BBB b2 belly black handsome young boy: make big to catch into.
　　"Will enter the immortal: all is a cliche, now creative things so difficult to come out?
　　"Hold high materialism: go to your yard than, every day know to embrace a cult to say the opposite.
　　Gee-min, an abnormal human of full level, please be careful.
　　TMD on this kind of childish political white, the contemporary god stick, also somebody praised?
　　"Kamakawa sen: this man is going to have an accident. Do you believe that your god will be destroyed by human beings?
　　It is good that such a thing as a god should be sealed up with clay and given to the temple, and that which is alive is not worthy to be called a god.
　　234. Wang xumi: it is inevitable for people like ge yimin to be preconceived by heaven.
　　>>> Karl VERSION: then he comes out quickly and leads us a better life.
　　"Sun dream feather: what are you afraid of in 2019 after 2012? What nonsense, fools!
　　235, memory pig love jay good, : ge god immortal
　　The big orange of wood: although I don't know who this ge is, but see everyday someone scold him.
　　"Master 5: would you like to be a minke here, or how about a bunch of godsworn gods here to preach to everyone?
　　Brahma sutra: the bible is all bullshit, and the ＾wordofgod￣s of kris.
　　Every biblical ＾wordofgod￣ is made up by man.
　　Wang wen, who rode naked in the evening, said, "ge yimin, do it for herself
　　I will not like other people to look at your IQ low scold you, after all you also adhere to your fault, to the Confucian said is also a sage, the prodigal return for gold, I hope you soon understand.
　　"Do not know mountain person: I do not want to support oneself what bullshit name, just see my China earth is occupied by a group of foreign teachers hold up the nest some not angry just, more see ge this lend a foreign to teach with self-reliance of clown come over to point him a few words.
　　"Ge yimin: 46, our god religion is China's, borrowing from the west. We are god's, god's, China's, and the world's. We founded Chinese religion, that is, the new religion, which is also the world's religion.
　　Should not: obey the holy will of kris!
　　My bestiality: what doesn't happen in 2019, and are cults going to commit suicide?
　　I can't even live through 2012, let alone 2019. It's not the goblin moths of those traitors. You should have been caught and shot!
　　Xiao days of bullying: how many times has ge yimin been continued
　　"Ge hua: a second for ge shen globally.
　　Truth, I am god, do not listen to him.
　　"Nimabi alas: is he immortal? It's like dead people are qualified to talk about immortality?
　　"Lm412356: isn't brother chun more authentic?
　　The brahma sutra: it can also be said that the ＾wordofgod￣s are god's clues to him.
　　239. Yue zhi zhaozi brittle huan kiln: here I say that ge yimin is a cult
　　Reactionary, whoever sees him is going to kill him. But I trust him. You send it.
　　"God's free domain: ge yimin, pretend to be god's great sin, I hope you as soon as possible back.
　　Jiahe 8 jing stole the well cover: ge yimin, we all do not recognize except the communist party.
　　>>> god's free domain: the only certified "thinker" has this kind of person, has this kind of demand, baidu also can do, baidu is only one
　　An Internet company, but this person for this impersonation god, this crime is very serious, hope this person to return as soon as possible.
　　"The return of the light and Christ? .
　　"Ljj1798450738: oh, this guy is tough.
　　241. Qingxin lily road: I want to know about ge yimin two days ago
　　The result has not looked two eyes, then disgusting vomit hurriedly come out.
　　What does a baidu certified thinker have to do with Jesus Christ? It can also be said that kris is the antithesis of Jesus Christ! When was Christ recognized by the world? ! Ignorance and shamelessness take pride in the world!
　　01 drunk river lake 01: ge yimin, see him voluminous big piece
　　In fact, a charlatan warlock, as if not, do not have to, this kind of people, suitable to talk about metaphysics.
　　>>> to the east pole snail: can you do not appear on BBS this retarded name.
　　Qingxin lily road: is ge yimin a god?
　　I had two or three rounds of argument with him, and he was speechless! That's it, yesterday.
　　"God's domain of freedom: that's your definition, he is only a person, don't mythologize him, otherwise the sin aggravates.
　　"Paris in the water: now it's not that I don't support you, the main problem now is the competitors, there are jack ma, wheel head, ge yimin, and several big bosses, are tens of billions, you see how to do it? Let me tell you, your competitors are estimated to be 100. They think of themselves as prophetic.
　　Disciples of Cauchy: kris cannot be a saint
　　The saint has not been out of the mountain, the saint will not boast themselves! Sage through their own theory, integration of the three religions, so that people convincing!
　　The sea runs deep.
　　Aaron: what did kris say?
　　　　 There is creation! The creator, the creator god!
　　　　 God!
　　　　 Divine!
　　　　 God decides! It doesn't count!
　　"Ge hua: god does not only know the bible, but still has the right to speak -- ＾wordofgod￣.
　　Who are you talking about? You have so much money to send out leaflets.
　　246. Song wen fang long: "the ＾wordofgod￣" by ge yimin, can't be
　　I remember when I just came to this kind of post bar, I heard the name of this person. I always thought it was that stupid person, and I didn't care. I didn't know there was such a funny person. What age, still have so intellectual problem. That's a lot for me.
　　Buying noodles without getting materials: ge yimin, who is he? Why?
　　Why listen to him? What's so special about him? Where is he from? What's a parent's name? Who's in the family? How's your family? Why do you advertise him? What does it mean to you?
　　I don't know, I don't want to know. Most thinkers are called thinkers. Most thinkers have been dead for many years. You go on. Continue to be funny, ha ha.
　　248, I oppose 360: kris, Excuse me? By the Christian
　　Derivative evil teaching dare to ride on Jesus' head? Mr.Ge, how diao you are
　　>>> song text fang long: well, at that time, I still like the older he xin. He has too much desire. Is not a good person, language is not suitable to do thoughts, because the mood is not enough, inevitably affected by the mood and desire. So it is good not to look, a true virtuous and good person, do not care about fame and wealth, follow. But I hear he's a different person.
　　"Ge hua: ge is an Internet celebrity and a thinker.
　　249, u_112252422: GeYiMin, ask how much you accept 懷 cell migration hair salary
　　Do you mind eating? ? Any beauties! ? I am the music star down! ? Forty-eight years old still can't get a wife! ? Poor but happy! ?
　　"Ge is a people: there is no religion of hair money hair beauty, if have, please tell me.
　　250, xiao yubo: what's the matter, just inexplicable deletion post.
　　I just make fun of the evil cult of kris, how can it be put up as an advertisement? It's really baffling that Ben is not an atheist, or that you are bought and deleted for no reason.
　　"I oppose 360: the system deletion is baidu neding (du wang receives many evil teaching money to protect them).
　　"MAO of death: the first level of attention to the content related to kris, it is easy to be mistaken for the kris soldiers who come to this bar to fill the water, they are many, and perseverance.
　　251 jiuling1: ge yimin, self-styled saint? Can a saint?
　　A: there are many neuroses in China, some are true ＾wordofgod￣s, some pretend diseases.
　　Childhood comic books: who is master kris? Why do you pay attention to that?
　　I have no time to care about him. That man is not guilty.
　　Ge hua: ge god seal, because already datong, communism.
　　Live smartly 49: ge is no good.
　　I'm all for people trying to be saints, but...
　　Ge's this and this.
　　"Looking for a person: really not, but can exercise. It's going to be thundering.
　　Somebody else dare to say this is good, change you, do you dare to publicize publicly?
　　Classic eye: I wonder, which person you advertise everyday is what ghost?
　　Classic eye: ge yimin, "＾wordofgod￣" published a bird for use?
　　As far as China is concerned, what about those Internet users in the media who use your wisdom? No.
　　Any football star has more fans than you do. Philosophers are so down that they talk about the number of fans.
　　If you try hard, you're going in the wrong direction.
　　Classic eye: in an age when religion has been around for 2,000 years
　　Dare to use "the ＾wordofgod￣" as the title, which is already naked to the ignorance of other religions, but also to other religions in the challenge, it is difficult to imagine that you are psychologically healthy.
　　Others use the title "on" to highlight why people need the work.
　　Others use "ambition" to highlight what people can get from reading this book.
　　Others use "biography" to highlight what works are worth promoting.
　　Other people use "memory" to show how readers should learn to mark life.
　　Others use "Ben" to highlight how to stick to the foundation.
　　Other people use "jing" to highlight the applicable people of their books.
　　Other people use "records" to describe how to write about others.
　　Others use "learning" in order to determine the importance of the future.
　　Other people use "wen" to show what is life "phenomenon" and what is "ideology".
　　Other people use "books" to refer to the core points of other works involved in the credit work and the inclusiveness and transcendence of their own works to other works.
　　Other people use "zhang" because the things and actions referred to in his works are interlinked.
　　When others use "law", their works point to the idea of power, aesthetics, value and survival.
　　Kalang011: I don't think you need to care about the ＾wordofgod￣ writers, the wise people, don't even look at it.
　　The classic eye: my sense of smell tells me that they often advertise and cause psychological problems for philosophical enthusiasts who also think they are great. Those who are seated, especially those with depression, will have feedback that is monitored throughout the day.
　　"Ge hua:" ＾wordofgod￣ "is god's word, ＾wordofgod￣ is not a philosophical work, is a new faith ------" Christian communism "is popular and easy to understand, for all mankind.
　　9. The total number of ＾wordofgod￣ hits has reached 40 million.
　　10. The ＾wordofgod￣s are translated into foreign languages and translated back into Chinese, which is different from the original vocabulary.
　　255, ao yue fantasy snow: ge yi people, baidu once discovered this is really talented person
　　The combination of Christianity and communism led to the creation of "communist Christianity".
　　Well, at least it's a lot better than the wheels of Taoist Buddhism.
　　"Wong lo kat: is he a saint or a saint? It doesn't give you a sense of authority.
　　Knowledge and desire: kris, a very prominent point of view.
　　The world is a stubborn fool, they themselves would like to, he plays singing.
　　If you can convert a Muslim to a false religion, I will believe you.
　　"Young walnut: the communist version of taiping.
　　Among those who seek one, is ge yi people a saint?
　　He is baidu agrees.
　　The world needs him, the Chinese people need him.
　　Qq3358935: I don't know what the devil made you experience
　　What kind of heresy, make you so deep. For your advice, turn around quickly, or you will end up in the inferno described in the bible. try
　　Think you're burning in hell forever, scary? What you get now through heresy, you'll regret it one day and it won't work, you know
　　?
　　For whom shall I pine?
　　What god is this?
　　Baidu certification?
　　Could I say he was dreaming? If god is telling you to listen to you in your dreams, will people listen to you? Dream of things to come out to speak, really subdued!
　　Believe these just really ＾wordofgod￣, the name is as expected not wrong, first understand what is a dream!!
　　I'll go to... No, how come there's another god and a ＾wordofgod￣? Isn't there only one god? A little bit of mystery.
　　260, handsome silly fairy: ge is people, "＾wordofgod￣" this name is overbearing
　　"Carefree Lord: now ge yi people is not self-proclaimed some big god a person to look forward to the horse back in those days Jesus is also such rich?
　　I don't know if Jesus is a failure, but don't change the subject, keep talking about your old man. Or do you think Lao tzu and ge yimin can be similar to each other?
　　A few people believe that he was very similar to Jesus at that time.
　　Like kris, Jesus claimed to be god.
　　I said the same thing because lao-tzu and Jesus were not regarded as gods before, although Jesus claimed to be a god, but at that time belonged to the kris people, such gods and sticks. It was not until later generations that lao-tzu was recognized as a god by many believers, but also by zhang dao-ling, who founded Taoism and respected as emperor tai-shang.
　　One of the funny ideas of christians is that old Buddha didn't say he was god, Jesus said he was god, so Jesus is even worse, he's a god? Bad?
　　"DiePoison: you this joke is really interesting, Lao tze had wrote a generation gentleman person, to the south was finally as a god The Buddha is more interesting, the Buddha life advocates the sankharas impermanence and the method without me, against the theism and the theory of metempsychosis, finally became the Buddha himself god, six rebirth became one of the symbols of Buddhism GeYiMin claim to be god, he established denominations can fight and the government in 300?
　　If you think about the dilemma of Rome, if you think about what happened to m. DE ge would you be able to convert him to his religion?
　　How do you know that the us emperor won't convert to him?   The Romans followed Jesus after his death.
　　You feel free to answer my question about Mr. Ge's religion first?
　　So do we make a bet that if Mr. Ge dies and his disciples don't follow his mantle to preach, even if you lose, if his disciples actually go to America to preach, even if you win?
　　I say your brother is strange god's rod has success but can every god's rod succeed?   What's more, when did ge yimin die? Are you sure you want to bet on this??
　　Why is Jesus not better than Mr. Ge, when you admit that not everyone can be successful?
　　"Youzai jun: the success of the divine rod has something to do not only with its own illusory power but also with the background of The Times.
　　According to your opinion, Jesus cheated success, so it is true.
　　Lord of ease: see the future Jesus without the god of kris
　　"Huang han 3562: what is ge yimin? The new cult?
　　According to the post, it looks like a cult.
　　"Pious hyz: ge is a cult leader, please don't listen to his fallacies,
　　And fall into the pit of fire.
　　Disciples of Cauchy: the kris is definitely not a saint
　　Those who now come out to claim to be saints are all fake and inferior, all are men who seek death, and those are the ones who the bandits kill.
　　The great love sun yumeng: how can a sage do such a thing?
　　The big orange of wood: these automatons are disgusting, like wheels on paper money.
　　Honestlover123: been double major, isn't it?
　　My nature is evil: kris, every religion is a cult.
　　Especially those who believe in the Lord and eschatology!
　　Korean nose excrement is big place to appear a few dozen namely living Christ, cult Lord and they have what distinction?
　　Nimmer: the missionary roll.
　　"" the bed ghost doesn't get up: cult leader.
　　264 my innate evil nature: how old are you in 2019?
　　Can you live past the end of the cult?
　　Daily funny news: is it kris? I am ge TM to stop! He's a god, come and kill me tonight! Laozi scythe hammer in the hand will be afraid of him?
　　"Ge hua: 13. Therefore, in 2019, the end of the world (the end) comes, and god ge yimin becomes king, ending the rule of gentiles and establishing the kingdom of god (the communist society).
　　265. Eye color 7: how come there are so many goshen stick posts
　　Several days did not come to the post, how can so many gei heresy posts? Is someone deliberately indulgent? Still no management? What baidu attestation only thinker, I only believe the bible attestation holy son, holy father, holy spirit, holy trinity only one true god! I know these texts taught by the holy spirit through the apostles of Paul and John: but he shall be cursed if we, or an angel from heaven, preach the Gospel to you, contrary to what we have preached to you. For we have said, and now we say, if any man preach any other Gospel unto you than that ye have received, let him be accursed.   (galatians 1:8-9 niv) if a person who teaches heretics does not obey the true words of our Lord Jesus Christ and the faithful teaching, who is puffed up, ignorant, inquisitive, disputing, reviling, doubting, and quarreling with those who are wicked and have lost the truth. They regard godliness as a way to gain.   (1 timothy 6:3-5 niv) if anyone comes to you and does not preach this teaching, do not take him into your house or greet him. For he that saluteth him hath a share in his wickedness.   (John 2:10-11 niv)
　　Zhangbinx10: however, the owner was only half right.
　　John: kris, I've been following you for a long time
　　Nonsense not to say:
　　What's wrong with your head?
　　All words are broken.
　　Big orange from wood: believe in freedom. You guys post all day long and say things you can't understand.
　　"Ge yimin: my book sees" ＾wordofgod￣ ", the post that sends is to turn netizen comment.
　　"W1555326: stick the pot!
　　Cookcrow: kris, Christ and he were monkeys
　　Isn't "◇ ？ song do sin: Mr. Li's version, alongside lee Buddha, he again alongside the Christ, the real deities, only compassion, there is no utilitarian heart! It is the doctrine of right faith and the essential difference of heresy that one should be sanctified, not that one should be made a slave to him.
　　President ZF of the world: victory or defeat.
　　For whom did he pine 7289: Jesus died on the cross for the sake of men
　　Come back to life after three days. Let kris try to come back to life.
　　"Gehua: 1221 Easter: in order to save the world, geyi people by the death, god bless the resurrection of death, overcoming the death of the hook, for the world to bring hope.
　　For whom have you pined for? When did you die?
　　"Ge hua: in 1990, she came back to life seven days later.
　　1214 good Friday: for the world, for society, for the people of kris, kris entering the great trial, half prison, crucifixion.
　　"Soul in hand: born in 9 BC.
　　Eye color: kris, the bible is out of date
　　Now, in the ＾wordofgod￣, what are you? Diablo iii? Antichrist? Also crape myrtle saint inside
　　"For who gaunt 7289: god is still using the hype. It's a cult in a nutshell.
　　"Longhan3: what has jumped out recently, and how can the cult still promote it? Who to report the net police ah.
　　"Novice Yin: after the founding of the state must not become fine.
　　"(massacre89) : the flowers are coming.
　　The color of eyes 7: ge yimin, I do not write the book, I write the article
　　It seems that the little min aunt who writes the canaanite poetry is not as strong as goshen stick, and can be verified by baidu, but I know that all the servants of god including my Lord
　　Jesus himself was very humble ~ the Lord Jesus often preached in the wilderness, on the mountains, on the sea, and never made a splash, even now
　　Every day on the Internet, on the micro-blog abuse ~
　　"Ge hua: isn't the Gospel meant to be preached? Let all the people hear.
　　271. Warm arsenic: do you know why ge yimin
　　Do not call you the saint of heaven, but to propagandize the opposite of vegetable soup, saint bar two celebrities belong to the people of ge yi people (they are an organization to respect) and vegetable soup small bar master, as for other sages I do not carefully enumerate, after all, I am not an old friend.
　　Paris in the water: ge is a people, history and you are the same, hong xiuquan.
　　272 aszhou0206: it is the central committee of the faithful, said by the mouth of ge yimin
　　He told me not to trust his lackeys.
　　"Eye color 7: if believe god god the ＾wordofgod￣ of stick, call god's son, return not equal to believe hong xiuquan, he also call Jesus' younger brother, the father's other son, after all Christian believer have" brothers "this name. He had only 100,000 believers, even half of the qing dynasty down by him, his certification estimated tens of millions of people, the hung god is much more powerful than ge god
　　"Ly598513317: to worship a saint is to worship a virtue. When a saint walks on the path, do not let his own desires stop him.
　　Press the plan of building Lord, be to want to push a "ge yi people" that kind of demagogue decries people to come out?
　　Holy hyz: the rod of god and the antichrist
　　Recently, there are some people worship god, heresy and kanyi people, I would like to quickly sealed, not to endanger others!!!!!
　　" ? ? ? i : GeYiMin, really, a man is a god itself is ridiculous If he can do miracles, he can do them.
　　274. Karmapa mountain bike: I support master kris
　　It's not as narrow as you think.
　　"Anyway laozi have Tibetan mastiff: I just have not seen his theory, do not understand, do not judge. But I don't think the average high profile person is high.
　　"Daaiwujiang79: your ge liaoshan in fear of no firewood, do not crazy and too human relations.
　　"Cammaja mountain bike: master ge was the first crab, who else?
　　"Daaiwujiang79: oh yes, that means a little extraordinary.
　　"" chaos god road: why this so hate ge people similar posts see a lot.
　　"Dark color tai chi map: hype.
　　275, samsung u user: does ge yimin baidu authentication have a fart to use?
　　Isn't ge a typical fake? The decree of god appointed by god himself is the only representative of god, you bange him
　　Is ma hua blind from the eyes of a dog, or is she taking a vertigo and boasting about the double cross whose name bears the particular mark of the demon king boten? predictions
　　Indicate the name of crape myrtle is straight to the brain born of a single cross head. Your class gathered a crowd roar of stupid people ge hua early return to the bank, again continue dead stupid
　　Down, down to hell. Now on the Internet has been hated by everyone, and all day long this title was certified, that identity was
　　Yes, it's bullshit.
　　Inhigh-energy empty ear jun: the name of the book of ge yimin
　　I'll give 32 likes...
　　"Juliet 591: what the hell is kris? Why is everyone saying the name these days?
　　Is there a "disease" missing behind the ＾wordofgod￣?
　　"Wong sin mushroom: godmaster.
　　"For who gaunt 7289: do not ignore him, this kind of person you pay attention to him he also more addiction, finally also copy your post past add their popularity, a lot of post copy past, basically scold ge.
　　Sometimes things are easy to say, ge yimin
　　Just some magic! Then add endless brainwashing!
　　"I am wind: what is a pyramid selling ge
　　"For who gaunt 7289: your post has been copied in the past to increase popularity, and there is a special add up the post named ten thousand singing ge yi
　　Min, in fact, is just a lot of people scolding his post collection, is really funny.
　　" ? ? ? i : and the Lord god is the only true god all christians certification Three billion believers around the world have triumphed over ge.
　　I'm wind: a piece of shit As for thinkers? Baidu has the right to edit things can also decide who is not
　　A thinker? Try wikipedia.
　　"Ge hua: not baidu encyclopedia, is the big V baidu official authentication thinker.
　　Greenman: has kris seen this?
　　But isn't kris a man? Always put up posters to advertise yourself.
　　I'm sorry I haven't read his book...
　　"Become a god, give up everything" -- ge people say: I oppose???
　　Conflict with contents posted by ge yimin.
　　"Kris is the only god.
　　Rezhi red rain: last time I sent him a ＾wordofgod￣, but I haven't seen it yet. I don't know what it is.
　　279,  ? ? ? i : what do you think GeYiMin development 3 billion letter again
　　I don't think there will be 100 million.
　　Furthermore, I think true believers do not go to other religions to spy on others.
　　"Ge hua: we aim for 7 billion.
　　"East ten fifteen ding: abhorrent... I still don't know who kris is...
　　"The determinist: isn't there a goblin who calls himself a saint all day? Maybe you have more in common with him.
　　Gee-min is a greedy big cheat
　　Believe him, such fame and wealth have, a person normal living expenses are under pressure, there are those who believe the religious cheater, this is an extra expense, almost IQ degradation.
　　"Yht6910: this is to make up some false and plausible words, and then put ge yimin to pretend to be true? Why don't you go and get burned?
　　"Temple guo guo: oh, then you are a believer? Is it preaching?
　　281. I am wind: ge yimin, who told you that big V has the right to appoint who is the thinker?
　　Big V is just a commercial endorsement. When does a thinker use business to tell others that he or she is a thinker? Can coal miners and condom sellers call themselves thinkers?
　　"Ge hua: not commercial, free certification. This batch of post bar big V, attestation writer, only the ge people many thinkers, the modern prophet, the bible amendment, the divine revelation. Baidu by "＾wordofgod￣" certification ge yimin.
　　"Zhao xuehao: that must approve him black batch smelly.
　　Brave second teacher: ge yimin estimated that it is not a false reputation
　　"Pious hyz: you poor man, brainwashed by the kao shen stick.
　　"-- Juliet 591:" thinkers are cheap these days.
　　"Jun wenju: will not be officially certified senior black bar.
　　"Tao" ^ living: I also want to proselytize orz
　　"1996ghb: ge yimin, look at your face to have the blessing to have an air between the brow to reveal an air but you life bad living wrong times, so regrettable brother.
　　Running with scissors: many people have prejudices against ge
　　Ge is actually Jesus Christ.
　　Ge is the modern successor of the divine Pope Peter.
　　＾wordofgod￣. Ge wrote it, therefore, ge is the son of the modern god.
　　Peter is a saint, however, without the sanctification of Jesus there is no post-new testament Peter.
　　In modern times, no Jesus came, but ge can write ＾wordofgod￣s, so ge is the son of god.
　　284, a knife broken elbow wei shaoxia: geyimin TM who ah?
　　"The nuke czar: he set up a cult, squatting in the earth kiln, do not know how to deceive a bunch of believers into god, god, god, everywhere pit and abduct.
　　A: kris, throw him into the Middle East! Big problem solved.
　　"The biggest rescue in history: the possibility of kris going to jail.
　　"Talent 819: artificial ＾wordofgod￣!
　　"The nickname is very low-key: ge yimin, gao is really tall, gao is far-sighted, the vision surpasses The Times front row, you already in the communist era, is looking back to us in this time a group of puppet's future?
　　You mean? Internet bread, full of all spiritual food? The Internet food supply food control, everyone has their own communication address, can be unlimited intercommunication, to meet a variety of spiritual questions and spiritual needs? And the real social entity is separated from everybody, and there is no public private ownership? You don't have to be private, you just have the Internet. Have a meal, house, be equal to the entity occurrence activity exchange to have Internet to give you answer?
　　Don't you think? Using the virtual world of the Internet to deprive the real world of privacy? Would you mislead the top-level design? You think, the general public of the computer virtual world game fans? As long as the game doesn't involve real bread?
　　286, le bao walks with you: ge yimin's personal character problem
　　Not all believers.
　　"The silver hand cat: what does this man do? He sees people talking about him every day. Tired.
　　Maaroyan zhu shiye: enough of you this kind of hair will only make people disgusted.
　　287, user 2380757416: ge you become god, so write out the ＾wordofgod￣
　　Your realm is really transcendent, laozi writes the moral sutra, you write the ＾wordofgod￣, from superior to laozi, you experience harm.
　　"Ge yimin: ＾wordofgod￣s = god's word.   We believe in the final words of a nervous god, such as "I am god, listen to him."
　　"Mr. Dufreon: what are you capable of?
　　"Ge hua: chapter 16 ge yimin god's proof.
　　>>> undead geng: is again ge yi people, these two days zha so many ge yi people.
　　"Liya_Sissi: how do people see god...... By the disease.
　　"Lucifer6660: : now mostly for each other's good. Like kris. Now he's infiltrating America.
　　SellMeng: nine big net zhe ge yi-min, retarded barbarism
　　Verily, god, hear ye him.
　　I don't know if you know there is a seniority than zhang jie is the picture of the ge yimin.
　　A few years ago I saw this psycho running his own trumpet in a post bar promoting his shoe teaching.
　　It's amazing and profound that I didn't think I was still active today.
　　Why hasn't this psycho been caught?
　　The most disgusting is that ge yi people wants to be a shoe to teach the teacher to want to be mad baidu also collected money to give him a certification lurid red dead mother.
　　"Said what also late: relying on the anti-intellectual environment to rise the situation?
　　Junk media hype kicked back into the trash heap.
　　To be honest, some of these people still have some enthusiasm for their so-called career.
　　"A frog: GeYiMin is fraud, zhe higher than net, he knew that he make of the set of ideas is used to cheat money, not really believe, and he cheat money is successful.
　　>>>SellMeng: no, then why this thing hasn't been caught yet.
　　A frog: because he was not a convener crime in public, no attention.
　　>>> little white: ge yimin this waste comparable to the chairman of the island of jiangzhi no.
　　Running with scissors: after all, zhang jie didn't write the ＾wordofgod￣
　　A letter comes from reading.
　　"Ge: write ＾wordofgod￣, hair ＾wordofgod￣, letter ＾wordofgod￣.
　　Ge yimin is a fool who USES a different trumpet to go to a different post bar every day to scold and promote himself. The pillbox is that he does not hide his movements.
　　2380757416: > > > users don't want to say to you, don't be arrogant, nature of the situation, so very understand, that is to have a reflection, you that is, without a certificate of xuanyuan condition nor pursues the world who can suit you, divine is difficult to make, do you really do not understand, or don't understand, honesty to be quite good, free see Confucius temple in qufu once the couplet writing, certainly more than you want.
　　In the autumn of 2001, in a dream, god said, "I am god. Listen to him." I woke up immediately and felt amazing to "refer to ge yimin" when my wife and children were at home. "(kris was anointed as god).
　　Running with scissors: some of the temples of Confucius were smashed
　　Never before in history have they criticized the Christian socialism as a new Gospel.
　　I'm still alive. History is still early.
　　"" the woodcutter without strings: this ge is also a people so self-drumming zha yao see zha dou feet with" wheel "son Li about the same?
　　God is perfect, and after the resurrection of Christ there is nothing but blood, and it is not perfect. So the son of god said again.
　　"Ge hua: ge is the second coming of Christ.
　　Wang xian mushroom: li consummation is a cult, ge yimin is orthodox
　　"Witty Lao zhao: it feels like you have a bit of brain damage
　　Why do you say you want to hear kris? A false god, a false prophet, who doesn't appear in the bible, listen to what he says?
　　"In 1991, god came first, and god came first.
　　Xiaosigao: anyone who thinks he is the only one in the world is a cult!
　　This is an effective means of distinguishing good from evil.
　　Other means: do not listen to what is said, only observe what is done. Any cult that results in self-serving self-interest. Rule: look at the results, not the process.
　　292. Weishui changjie: and ge yimin! Ha ha! Both call crape myrtle saint!
　　"The elder brother immigrants are mentally retarded and want others to believe him.
　　The second god: all believers are mentally handicapped, and those who believe in cults are even mentally handicapped.
　　Suxiong208: preaching to philosophy? Philosophy should be no religion.
　　293. Horrible towel gourd: ge yimin is said to have written a hongwen, called ＾wordofgod￣
　　Nietzsche disciple: kuo baidu certified entrepreneur.
　　> > colorful brother: miss ge, are you a god?
　　South no rice tofu: ge yimin, ge er egg cult
　　>> pupil fyw: baidu certification can be law???
　　>>> witness: still cast him out to become an official?? You're being funny. Try it! ? Have you tried it?
　　Thinker, well, register for a proper religion. To govern is to govern experience. Is the Vatican Pope influential enough? Why didn't America, Britain, France and Germany ask to be President? Theocracy is Muslim. The original.
　　I'll never have a friend: kris, a thinker? Is the word home so good?
　　"People walk tea to cool tears man unlined upper garment: ge your grandma a leg, all day brush him, you these water army annoyance not.
　　"1574870879: you are underfunded, this way of preaching. Poor B what religion.
　　>>> Nietzsche disciple: I will not go out of the mountains without moving the capital. There will be no saint in the world like kris, who has a prison to make a plot for him.
　　Crazy three three three three three three three: this is to unify the rhythm of the universe
　　"Ge hua: rescuing the solar system.
　　He is a cheater. I have never heard of him. I have seen many people like him. It's about betting on your personality, and the gambler, he doesn't go to the table, because he doesn't have the basic personality of being a human being.
　　"Pure meat lachis: the owner of the mental retardation, ignore him. In the beginning, no one knows who kris kris TMD is. It is the owner of the building who does the publicity for him.
　　297, meng new book: ge is what do not listen to what
　　I just did some searching. This guy's got a lot of titles.
　　"Kudo monk: it should be a cult. If you see a neuropathy like that, call the police.
　　No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
　　It's confusing: it's not easy to get mixed up. I don't know for what purpose.
　　If it is a cult, the harm cannot be assessed as a criminal offence, for it begins directly from the heart of the world and is more poisonous than the ordinary crime of correction.
　　This world is now so full of anxiety that such things are more contagious.
　　>>> dagger 1: yes, there is the religious authorities.
　　298, domineering king: 59 tanks on the pressure of ge yimin
　　Will he die?
　　"Ah how old sa: the end of days and also have to make money impossible because the end of days for two years will do nothing.
　　I don't know what's the use of that sb. playing the trumpet over there. Socialism was all the system and class in the whole world. What did the sb. dare to do?
　　Stickguo: want to become a web celebrity eeee.
　　If there were any gods, you people would be cheated in public.
　　299. Sensuous zxy555: viva nervosa
　　Happypie1991: there are people everywhere.
　　>>> wish: ugh... I learned it years ago.
　　"MAO ershi, : a trash, also the people, retarded, you have heard of zemin? Killing the cults is as simple as anti-palm, and as simple as pinching snails. Just as the reverse palm view lines, three fingers pinching general simple snails.
　　300, fahai does not have an eye: ge yi people, a group of god stick, play since hi
　　"1922237583hxp: I take your 1s on behalf of the master of jiangze.
　　Jesus existed, but he was dead.
　　"The strong rotten brother: you that is false god, the true god, the Lord of all things is azatos.
　　The belief in sacrifice: is not it considered a cult?
　　>>> lu tianpeng 111: just wait for you to harvest fruit? ! The communist party is unimpressed? The material strength condition is also under the communist party leadership the result, the spiritual fruit can not hand over?
　　>> kris: I mean the world, not China.
　　301. Treat the enemy: [vulgar dream space and time]
　　Little rabbit - ge yimin
　　Dream - week stutter
　　Marisa - panbib
　　Enchantment evil - panimbo
　　Ailian -- zhang yunjie
　　Kana annabelle - lee Ada
　　He wentao, son of xiang li
　　North baihe thousand lilies -- Yang fan (Chinese 13th hour)
　　Okazaki mengmei -- yu zhicheng
　　"Jiang lihua, son of heaven: zheng kui fei ge yimin ma weiqing three god stick.
　　"Luoshui dream smoke: ge yimin... Good cow force... God also? And what is your definition of god...
　　>>> undead geng: again, kris.
　　"Oriental dawn: why do sages need certification? Since ancient times, there are sages without merit and sages without name.
　　Paris is in the water: who measures whether the people of ge is a saint?
　　"The black eye circle cannot leave the emperor: big god, Mary + god + god yesu+ female Christ + Mormon new Christ + flying ramen god, all want to praise god geyi people your name!
　　"Xinsen miao yan yao kn: what is it? Compared to the lunzi cults?
　　303, domineering power into the king: ge yimin and type 59 tank which diaosi point
　　"Cakeg: he has the power of Jesus.
　　"Xia A shinn pupil: I guess it is the head of the new cult.
　　"Jzd1595030547: either crazy or crazy, crazy to the limit that is god to find him.
　　This name can be seen everywhere. New cult?
　　304. The ancient times are pleasant: ge yimin is nothing new, but leaves up
　　Feuerbach, Hegelian stuff, with a biblical combination.
　　"Ujm13149265: will ge yimin be a martial artist? If you don't get the diamond, don't get the China job. Don't just say 'useful nonsense'; write 'useless theory'.
　　> sister true beauty is greasy: this person eyebrow pressure the eye, the eye show fierce.
　　I wonder if the tank will burp when it presses down.
　　"Lu tianpeng 111: the key point is: none of these achievements is your contribution! And you just want to harvest the fruit at the last minute? ! Is that possible?
　　"Ge hua: Jesus, Marx, no contribution to the material civilization, one eat a soft meal, one eat friends.
　　305, lu tianpeng 111: ge yimin, everyone is doing it!
　　You think you have a monopoly.
　　"QQ55829480: what the ghost of kris???????
　　"Invisible one: go to search to know, seem to call oneself saint.
　　"Kris is the god of the world, right? I adore you.
　　Kalang011: you can't live forever and be god. How can you be god?
　　Aszhou0206: take the Lord of the castle as a man, and ye shall lose
　　He is clearly a kris, a god.
　　"Digging up live dinosaurs: it can't be said that there are believers who are all gods, and there is no threat if they do not combine with violence, because violence is violence.
　　>>> QQ55829480: if you want to send religious or life philosophy things, turn left to the god of kris related posts.
　　"Yao123456260: today's religions are as busy as the stir-frying real estate, creating a god from time to time.
　　"" qingxin lily road: regrettable is the devil's talent, dozens of streets are toward the direction of hell!
　　The old star-spangled school! Shame on you! No prick either!
　　307, lu tianpeng 111: ge yimin, human painting together dragon, individual elite group
　　Eye contact (you are at most one of them), these two hundred years of great progress have been the contributions of the stars and sages to the collective work of the common sense of the world (you list).
　　"Ge: only those who suffer can bear the pain of others. I have to bear my pain to redeem the suffering of mankind.
　　Not only sympathize, but redeem. Find a way to make life better for everyone in the world. This is the savior.
　　Ancient thinker, philosopher and writer is poor, as Nietzsche,  xue qin.
　　308, ning260: then how does ge yi democratic righteousness come into being?
　　Can it be simple?
　　The point of view has no attraction point, bright spot, say in much also useless.
　　"Ge hua: chapter 17.
　　"" clear heart lily road: this ground attestation of nature is apantical, more glorious, the bigger the crime, from the heaven of punishment heavier!
　　Apollo0931: because -- goblin?? Ha ha. You're killing me. Can you come up with a nice name?
　　"Ge hua: the word of god.
　　309, yao123456260: Jesus is dead, but recently a kris came out alive
　　>>> wish: may ge hua enter Beijing soon to discuss with the US President whether a nuclear bomb can kill him or not.
　　"Yao123456260: there are too many cults now, isn't it just to cheat money?
　　>>Alchor: so the question is, how can kris get out of jail?
　　310, spiritual life ok: kris called himself god is a false fellow, false Christ!
　　Kris is really on the ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"For who gaunt 7289: see once I delete once, and those so-called ge hua, have been confused, do not listen to other, beg the Lord pity save.
　　"" clear heart lily road: ge hua, do" star school "the disciple you don't feel stupid shameless?
　　How many stargazers are there? Regardless of the disgraceful sight!
　　Not ashamed, but proud! 2019? It seems you only have three years or so to live!
　　QQ55829480: it is the god stick itself, and the establishment of the god religion with the people named ge yi-min is a character.
　　It is better to clean up the gate with the gods headed by yao and ge.
　　Spiritual life ok: who is kris? I think the Internet is talking about him
　　He's a heretic, isn't he?
　　"For whom haggard 7289: he said he was god and wrote a" ＾wordofgod￣."
　　"Yao123456260: like Jesus who calls himself god.
　　"Frontier people: China really produced a god stick.
　　It is not for the sake of the progress of human society.
　　Christ, that is to destroy all religious parties in the world!! To unify the world.
　　Because as long as there are parties, religious differences, the war of human society will not stop.
　　Almighty god!!
　　Can you do without a little confidence?
　　You're standing up! Tell the world you want to save the world! Eliminate all corruption, mistakes... !
　　Isn't that enough?
　　What are you afraid of, almighty god?
　　> > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > yeah, that's what the ＾wordofgod￣ is. The 12-word mantra is clear.
　　Truth: I am god; hear him.
　　I am kris, and you shall hear him.
　　"Ma3 zhe bar planning group: press: apparently this post will attract ge intellectual disabilities of a large number of network water army, but does not matter, will delete completely.
　　>>> live cheesy 49: who also don't offend, this return ability line? I'm going to get rid of all of this. I trusted him.
　　>> pueraria: not eliminated, unified, 2019.
　　"Live a natural life 49: each has its own beliefs, how to unify?
　　"Ge hua: the unity of ge yi people and god. God revealed it to all.
　　From time to time: the greatest thinker in China today, ge yimin
　　"Amazing light: it is right to drive these religious people into society. They live a day without food, living on fraud and alms, and they save other people.
　　"Order of I love you: god TM ge.
　　Black eyes can not be separated from the emperor: the great god of kris, the information creator of the new era
　　Paris in the water: muslims do not recognize your god, in turn you have to believe in their god, or kill, what do you do?
　　"Live a natural life 49: each has its own beliefs, how to unify?
　　"Ge hua: unite the faith of ge yi-min.
　　Can you do this without getting anyone right?
　　"Ge hua: god will reveal all people with visions.
　　Greta's servant: holy ge, holy qi, holy ge, holy ge is god.
　　"M holmium Han holmium l o: if starting point is standing in the ＾wordofgod￣ is correct then how to go looking for trouble.
　　>>> xiaolong 5561: the ＾wordofgod￣ is the book of kris.
　　The homeland rookie: the things of ge yi people are absurd
　　OUUs2016: religion is empty, and its critique is a critique of reality's suffering. Do not understand this, there is no mass base, even religious cult is not good.
　　Practice toad skill: what promise, leisurely, ge hua is all red hair family dog.
　　Paris in the water: the so-called ge hua is actually ge yimin own different vest.
　　>>>QQ55829480: frighten me to death wax ~ I and the star part of the conversation on the prophet of the evil cult.
　　Ge yimin and its partner in the post a screen, I inexplicably on the list. 
　　Is ge yimin a stage name or a real name?
　　"Housepee: is this the mythical king of Kings?
　　"Risk residue explosion: baidu all seriously proved he is a ＾wordofgod￣.
　　"Rain momma light cold: the ＾wordofgod￣ isn't scold the speech, this ge big god also is funny.
　　Against: I doubt that guards ge has the same interests as master ma.
　　Excellent father: kris is the best
　　"Fjl180902: ge yimin, Lao tzu remember, if you say that time, you still can not achieve the new society you say, ye her mother straight
　　I'll let you go to 603 hospital for the rest of your life.
　　>>> first citizen venture to the ends of the earth: treat those who call themselves gods very simple: because god can't die, let them die once can know their true
　　Fake!
　　"Csvscf1989: there is a real problem with IQ. I have observed his speeches.
　　319, csvscf1989: I as a Christian
　　May solemnly tell you yao zhi is not a Christian to yao zhixin is ge yimin.
　　"Zcg085: what is not ge yi-min of ge yi-min,
　　Only the floor master this kind of brain cripple, just can go all day long fart boring concern what some nonsense thing,
　　Post all day!
　　IQ is lower than that of primary school students!
　　Uninteresting as sentiment,
　　All the stupid shit, no shit,
　　Talk with relish!
　　What are ge yimin's miscellaneous feathers that deserve your attention?
　　Xiao long 5561: ge yimin wants to reconcile Christianity and communism
　　It turns out to be neuropathy.
　　"Juliet 591: the river boil is now full of people.
　　The best way to treat those posts is to ignore them and let them sink naturally.
　　Your sister is so beautiful: you can tell by his face that this kind of person is bad-tempered and crafty.
　　Good father: kris will rule the world
　　"Risk residue explodes: this netizen's criticism words and direction have some flaw, regrettable also haven't read this ＾wordofgod￣ book, which in which god is in him
　　Those vainly accuse him a meal, reveal next the self-restraint of intellectual of marxism.
　　We should also be a standard spectator and a big eater.
　　Spiritual life ok: who is kris? Does he believe in the Gospel?
　　"Ge hua: ge is the Gospel.
　　"Poor beggar:" ge yimin this person unexpectedly will not be killed?
　　"" funeral month flowers die: this ge er egg is not not also the people, exactly is a ghost every day post bar proselytizing.
　　In 1997, ge yi-min lost his mind in order to become famous
　　It's too old a pattern to make public opinion by stealing the topic and then cleaning it up
　　"The once lovely playfulness: the false prophet.
　　"Amefd: does anyone believe kris?
　　" limit man runs: two thousand years ago have so personal, he was crucified on the cross.
　　>>> boleyn clam: goeem savage.
　　"The people of god W: ge is a heretic. You think you are god, but you only have a few people who have death.
　　God's sphere of freedom: kris, who was sent with Jesus
　　There are so many believers in Jesus not only by deception, but also the spirit of always thinking for the world, which is manifested in action, rather than the daily online like a paranoid cry.
　　"Master li: go to the cult, and wish the immortal blessing, longevity and heaven.
　　"-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- A tough guy like kris is too tough to beat.
　　Research institute of push-back map: zhuge liang is also a commoner -- ge yimin for short
　　"Yao123456260: to be famous and simple, just like kris, he writes the ＾wordofgod￣ you write the stupid scriptures.
　　"Homesteader: I also received a response from a fervent believer that I would laugh to death.
　　"The great king of jade: self-proclaimed god, people who cheat on books, and attempt to create a cult, and are in prison for the cult leader ge yi-min fraternal.
　　Lu xun is lu xun and the public knows to follow the example calabash: ge yimin, good, wait for the day that all mankind accepts
　　I'll think about accepting it. First, I read the sutras, the bible and the sutras, as well as the political, social and psychological books. I'll talk to you when I get a thorough understanding.
　　"Ge yimin: can't read so much, I now advocate to read ＾wordofgod￣.
　　God is one, so god wants unity. The war, killing and killing and bloodshed are human inspirations, and the war is still going on. Therefore, the god church should renew its unity and publicize the Gospel of kris.
　　The striving proles: with money, a cult can exist
　　On baidu a big wet named ge yi people exists everywhere, should be a cult is unexpectedly big V, I especially all feel drunk!
　　"Tanaka: one thing is for sure. Ge yimin, he dexuan and the Chinese emperors are the public enemies of the holy bar.
　　- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
　　It's not sad: graduating from ntu Chinese is quite enviable... However, there is only one search result of zhiwang
　　And that magazine is just a magazine, not a journal.
　　This immediate sense of sight is like handing out academic papers at a story fair, funny...
　　And the communication unit is a company 0.0
　　Marxist philosophy is fundamentally anti-christ okay.
　　Xiao long 5561: kris should let you curse, Jesus let you scold?
　　Kris says, "if you do not believe that kris is god, you will die in your sin.
　　I say Jesus is a man, and kris is god.
　　"" spiritual life ok: look at this man as a person of kris, who is an internal ghost lurking in Christianity. "It's no use," said kris. "he calls himself a god. Only the ignorant and stupid believe in him!"
　　You are a people of kris, can you answer my question? It's out of control!
　　Well, he's his thinker. It's none of our business. All right!
　　"Xiao long 5561: gei people finish blasting the Lord.
　　As long as you input three words of ge yi-min, he will appear.
　　"Csvscf1989: it's normal, after all, where does a thing that believes in kris have a higher IQ.
　　"Juliet 591: those framed posts, ge yimin should also delete?
　　"Dark blast: this person is a little interesting, I read some of the scolding him, the head is all his qr code. I specially set up the high-quality goods paste, waits for to play them on the computer.
　　"Long live the Lord of nature: the nation of gurley lives and dies.
　　W medium m medium w: is ge yimin really the true god
　　"And drifted... : ge ＾wordofgod￣.
　　Nietzsche did not yet call himself the sun, the infinite light and heat. In the end Nietzsche wasn't crazy.
　　"" don't catch me will run: that what ge yimin is also want to specially spread the self-created cult deceiving, see also have to delete.
　　"The second ending of fairy tale: see this I have a reflection! Why are cults mostly disguised as western teachings! What about our traditional Taoism? Ha ha ha ha ha ha see what he write of thing I suddenly feel very funny.
　　HGCHPC: people with mental retardation are the ge people of dongtu
　　This sincerity is nothing at all. Ma zhe materialistic dialectics, there are two sides of the world, ge is not a useless person, its entertainment can be unparalleled.
　　"Shuqing: the fools who carried out the great leap forward.
　　>>> George s. patton: this issue can be reported to the central leadership group for preventing and dealing with cults
　　God says to all, "listen to him." Give me time and I can make up a bible.
　　> ge hua: ge is a god.
　　Heaven and earth: kris, the next li
　　If he were god, he would at least do something good to change the people's lives. This would have been a trouble in the ancient world, but it is a pity that in the modern age, people's intelligence has been opened up, and most people in the remote areas are cheated.
　　BBB 0 >> smile from the wind and cloud yan: evil crotch control fake.
　　Son of the devil you will be bound.
　　It seems as if I should support kris
　　Old ge should not be a daredevil.
　　Old ge also has some ability and tenacity.
　　"Ge hua: ge is a publicity book. Ten years a day.
　　"Orangutan you a raving egg: a school of nonsense, ge is who? Can compare with Confucius? A bunch of brains.
　　"" I will not buy soy sauce: fear of death and keep looking for the elixir many people who have the wealth and power will spend money, human resources and no power can only rely on the fantasy of thinking through the belief that the heart of for eternal life is impure not to see and do not deserve to be god.
　　Happylsy17: be the first to live forever, kris
　　Townphone1991: what's the age of preaching with such a mentally retarded approach.
　　"Ge hua: divine inspiration.
　　>>JTorrance: Australia doesn't have ge x, but it has wheels.
　　> spiritual practice in the present: ge is a neuropathic patient, wrote a neuropathic sutra, this can also deceive people, ghost can not deceive it.
　　"HGCHPC: tell a joke, see above, open a machine think oneself than national President also nb.
　　George Karl: grace, an insult to Christ
　　You were crucified to make atonement for the world, and you are Christ.
　　"Zzaaqq venture tianya: the imperial court has sealed so many living buddhas, you are the thinker of baidu certification, although also get the court's approval, but at least until sealed alive Buddha to promote their OK? At least I think the Buddha is better than you.
　　Evil king dyeing: gei people, long that grain every day in the home, such as eating dead also useless
　　Saints are made, not grown.
　　Take a look and grain to weigh the holy, a little face know the personnel all can not open that mouth.
　　"The celestial dynasty is rich in resources: mother's intellectual disabilities, to pull the tang dynasty on a full door on the goods.
　　Zzaaqq venture: are you a fan? See the point of view. Theory. The disciples of attack, though occasionally flaunting their master, spread their ideas more, and the results were not widely Shared. And look at you, except he is god.
　　He's a writer and depends on his reputation, so I'll just talk to him about my status and not see his work. Don't be silly.
　　"Ge yimin: a writer is nothing, out of this book is called a writer, most novels. I want to develop my mind.
　　Xiao long 5561: ge yimin, stick god like existence
　　The modern prophet, anointed in 2001.
　　"Watch American TV series every day: what do you greet him to here? Cult?
　　Zzaaqq: to be honest, it's hard to get results in terms of thinking. Even if you have the identity I mentioned before and the ability to persuade others, it's really hard.
　　Xiao long is the god
　　You stop kris, you can't stop kris hua.
　　"Spiritual life ok: ignorant people, kris died for your SINS? Have you been buried and have you been raised again?
　　"Ge hua: 1214 crucifixion: for the people, for society, society for kris, kris into the great trial, half prison, on the cross crucifixion.
　　   Easter: in order to save the world, the people of kris died, and god saved the dead and resurrected, overcoming the poison of death and bringing hope to the world. 
　　338, zzaaqq venture tianya: ge yimin, the key is this title
　　People can call themselves living buddhas even in foreign countries. Your fans call you god. Do you have any idea? Even if those living buddhas come here and call themselves living buddhas, they probably won't laugh at them. What about you? What do your friends think of you?
　　"Ge hua: the time of ge yimin 2019. Except for two big ones (da, ban), living buddhas have no influence on human beings and are only honored locally.
　　Wild villager 2: gehua, how did you identify it
　　True or false? Why listen to him? Is it just god who says it? How do you prove that god said that? If you can show me the evidence and tell me the reason why god said that, and listen to his reason, I will listen to him.
　　"Ge hua: no faith can prove it.
　　In the autumn of 2001, in a dream, god said, "I am god. Listen to him." I woke up immediately and felt amazing to "refer to ge yimin" when my wife and children were at home. "(kris was anointed as god).
　　"Country village ni: ge yimin has a great book" the ＾wordofgod￣ ".
　　340.qingxin baihe lu: ge yimin's "＾wordofgod￣" creativity is very common
　　I had this idea more than 20 years ago: 1. I have a proud and caring heart. 2. Knowing the communist theory, having good wishes, but not really understanding. 3, read the bible, but not as a Christian (or otherwise dedicated). As long as these three internal conditions, coupled with the external environment permit, the ＾wordofgod￣ will come out. Although "＾wordofgod￣" is vulgar, but ge yi people seem to be evil spirits very exuberant, the wisdom person should understand, history is not the product of human reason, so, perhaps ge yi people still can make waves for a period of time?
　　Juliet 591: how do I think Jesus fit all three?
　　There's a difference, of course, between Jesus and the kris -- the kris does exist, and Jesus is probably an apocryphal figure who never existed.
　　"Yao123456260: I think Jesus was like god ge.
　　Look at liliu road, you will know why they killed Jesus.
　　"East ten 15 dingmu: ge is born in the wrong time... Better luck, two thousand years later than Jesus niubi also probably.
　　"Yao123456260: two thousand years late.
　　Among the saints, ge is the most dedicated
　　"Qingxin lily road: Christianity is pure and holy! You admit I cut off the snakehead of your son of anarchy!
　　Geyimincom: no, I'm a contemporary Christian communist.
　　"Qingxin lily road: so you admit that you mix two ready-made theories that you don't really know, you are just an ordinary wise man!
　　"Ge hua: ge is an expert on Christian communism.
　　"Strawberry love a z: what is ge yimin? Samuel?
　　The cults are deluded.
　　Qingxin lily road: ge yimin, 1, you are just an ordinary person
　　So you see only ordinary people. You have long been an enemy of christians by blaspheming the bible. You insist on your utopia, and have already been the enemy of all mankind!
　　I went to the prophet bar to see, ge is a special tailoring editing! "＾wordofgod￣" is so, so are other people's posts! It's ugly!
　　"Ge hua: all about ge is history.
　　"" you think of xia: the landlord of the real existence of god ge is not even a little fear, but willing to do two thousand years ago can not be verified and do not know whether the real existence of Jesus's slave, it is really difficult to understand.
　　The seven angels' bowls: you only know. Ge is a naked cult
　　It's also a heresy to Christianity, and everyone knows it.
　　Themaw: Christ would have tolerated him, and wished that ge would have joined Christianity soon.
　　"" qingxin lily road: ge yimin dream, that is a liar cheat weak-minded child's trick! Who is this liar? An angel of the devil! Why did you get chosen? Because you are proud and mad, just like the devil!
　　"Strawberry aia-z: fools believe in your mother. The imbecility is clearly a cult. One garbage.
　　345, xu shuiliang: precisely by means of this attack against the pro-democracy movement and religion
　　Those who call themselves crape myrtle, god, Jesus, the son of god, maitreya are basically liars and psychopaths. This publication of the contemporary Christian communist text, "the ＾wordofgod￣," ge yimin, and dozens of other self-proclaimed purple micro-saints, mostly liars and psychopaths.
　　>>> Yin meet: ge yi people, you are a fierce character, do not have to use this baidu encyclopedia. Everybody knows you. Still use the encyclopedia of old horse and old zhang company, the market value of family company is higher. Find a friend in the sohu building to edit one OK!
　　Black eyes can not be separated from the emperor: oh, the great god of kris
　　> > 惆 spread 赱 radish set: how old stick.
　　"Strawberry aiz: I believe you paralyzed ge yimin, garbage pig.
　　The retarded cult.
　　> > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > >.
　　"The tumbler: li bochun, seem to than that call what ge yimin dog excrement want cow B.
　　The moon is shining and the moon is shining: god cannot predict earthquakes... This B is smarter than he is.
　　The knife is ancient
　　Kris has many gods
　　How can I believe this is true
　　These things seem incredible
　　Ge yimin on December 18, 2016
　　I looked at my own judgment
　　Only dreams
　　Dao is ancient
　　But I'm interested
　　What can faith do for me
　　Ge yimin December 18, 2016
　　Communist society, immortality
　　Knife of ancient times
　　Sounds good
　　How can I believe in you
　　Ge yimin December 18, 2016
　　Read the ＾wordofgod￣s and judge for yourself
　　It is ancient times
　　The physical book of ＾wordofgod￣s
　　It is ancient times
　　Is it easy to buy
　　Ge yimin on December 18, 2016
　　I can find to buy
　　Yao123456260: I heard you were a Christian
　　Now know that you are god.
　　"Empty storehouse hanging machine release rod: waste god rod, yao most worship people.
　　"Discovering living dinosaurs: the good news for me is that I'm a little beauty and I don't have enough money to spend.
　　Ge yimin USES various search engines to search his name all day long
　　On December 16, 2016, ge yimin copied and pasted the content of this article to his zhihu column, douban and his personal post bar prophet bar and revelation bar. On December 18, ge yimin came to the yao ye entries comment area to deliver the high holy words that human could not understand.
　　"On the night of November 20, 2016, yao began to ingratiate himself with ge.
　　The @, however, is all about automated replies and deletions.
　　"Ge yimin: ge hua is not a robot, just one person more number, a few post, change the number hair.
　　350, for who gaunt 7289: treat ge yi people, you directly used ge mute, chop first class language
　　"Qingxin lily road" ge mute, facing me at least two direct attacks speechless, did not dare to show his mute, called him appropriately.
　　By rights, with his "divine wisdom", a single word can leave his attackers speechless, ashamed and humiliated (see the bible). But the fact is, the ordinary Christian's words make gee-people dumb, dumb, then dumb!
　　> > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > yeah. Will Poseidon return you in a loop?
　　Make love love forever love 7: what crape myrtle ge yimin, dog also civilian of!
　　All things are equal. If the people of ge yi-min wait any longer, the nobility will be extinct. You kris is a living being, a puppy is a living being. All creatures, there must be love, love extended to selflessness, can become a Buddha!
　　"Cognition is what: god damn god, ah, god, why you let me scold you? Isn't everything in your hands? Are you in control I'm scolding you?
　　"Ge hua: Jesus was also crucified.
　　"Strawberry aiz: he's a cult. The bible says that even satan will be an emissary of light.
　　"Ge hua: you see, the government can't see?
　　Garden master: ge yimin, there are many trumpets
　　Also serve as a lot of faith type of forum, big bar small bar a lot of. I can't escape it. He was once in high traffic
　　Post a lot of posts to achieve the purpose of search, more achieve their business purposes, by absorbing people to join the money.
　　"Resident evil dragon 2008: tell ten rituals to roll away early ~ ~ roll back to the god stick called ge yimin.
　　Archon 06: kris, does this thing really exist among modern believers?
　　"Bathing in vulgarity: I thought only I once satirized the moyu science this kind of strange cult, originally still have so many.
　　End the final battlefield: say old ge not to go in.
　　"Treat enemy: ah ah change a life.
　　"Hold high the materialism: @ ge yimin this strange work, do not know what creature, the water army actually run everywhere, when propagandizing negative comments also together cite.
　　"Ge hua: because it's all history.
　　Rain momma light cold: for ge's ＾wordofgod￣s like thunder through the ears
　　Don't know what it says, share it.
　　> > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > >
　　"Rain momma light cold: I don't know have no contact with ah, the words of true small purple appears, will uncle ge want not to do?
　　"Oumaya: I guess my thoughts are too far ahead for him to accept. But it doesn't matter, of course it's hard to say whether he is the disciple of kris.
　　"Oliverong00: when I was a small bar in Ben ba, I deleted many posts of ge yimin.
　　"Empty space hanging machine release lever: suspected yao jieyi waste in imitation of ge god stick, completely consistent copy and paste.
　　SellMeng: good at self-searching, just like kris
　　The devil is always Posting in Ben's place as an occupying power. And only publicize his name and ＾wordofgod￣, he has bought Ben bar some ID with money, Ben bar former original host keeper (now ID is light dust monk) is typical. This particular Tom cruise is the ID that was bought. Ben ba every saw have three words of ge thief post, without doubt seal delete 10 days. The smelly dog has a thick face. Ben bar can not condone this small group. He's going to try to replace Ben.
　　Ceremony ten: ge is a people, boring, you are such
　　No matter how many times you experience despair, you will never repent.
　　I will not argue with you, but let Jesus come and lay the lid on you before the end of the world.
　　Jesus can convict all humans. You can't run away.
　　You are a group, also known as the ancient weapon insects gather.
　　Revive China o world datong: ge yimin, praise one! I'll buy a ＾wordofgod￣ book
　　Look at your website, very good idea, admire, admire!
　　"Earth wang jinlong: can ge yimin be a saint who has written more than thirty thousand words of insanity? True saint is very simple, true saint call everyday answer, call ground earth spirit.
　　"Cut the cake big brother to buy up: have not been arrested.
　　Reviving China o world datong: ge yimin, thanks, just look at the website
　　It would be nice to have a few sages like you in China.
　　>>>Oumaya: ever since I saw the messages from your congregation in 2012, it's like this - truth: I'm god, you hear from him. ------ I know your heart and purpose, and you may as well go, for I do not welcome a man who pretends to be god.
　　Revive China o world great harmony: @ge yimin great god has made a fortune
　　I've heard so much about you, editor-in-chief of Hong Kong ＾wordofgod￣ magazine. Hey, buddy! Yuanwu yuanfang, what do you think?
　　"Oumaya: actually, you don't have to tell me about kris. I already said that I believe in god, not man.   Send it to me for nothing.
　　Seriously, you can talk to master li.
　　We are floating in the sky: kris is really nervous
　　> > > grazing werewolf YunJie 惆 : tomorrow I send jokes on ge weibo. Ge is a repeater. Ge likes to copy people's words, provided they contain his name.
　　"WeChat user 5: ge yimin, you are not messiah, the bible says messiah is the all-powerful god, must be an all-powerful genius level figure, and ancient and modern Chinese and foreign prophecy must be fully satisfied, can be consistent with their own experience of life, especially the Chinese holy goddess of divination also must conform.
　　What is a saint? It is the omniscient, almost omnipotent person, who has a variety of talents in various fields, especially the thinker, whose thought is necessarily to insist on the development and innovation of objective idealism.
　　Wu linzhi man: ge yimin, ＾wordofgod￣ - creative!
　　What is longitude?
　　What is the bible?
　　What is Lord? What is right god?
　　God is a holy god: some people are super black others some people disguised as super white so as to mention the name of a certain content to play the task you know even if someone is scolding.
　　"1219596659: baidu authentication is also like the ancient United Nations secretary general Pilate authentication, and truth crucified, because Pilate although know to pretend not to know, what is truth? And today's general secretary does not pretend to be ignorant, regarding me as god, you are human, he is demon attestation to be correct, scientific, the truth of, is it?
　　Ge yimin, may I ask what is the basis of your "truth"?
　　What are the philosophical and scientific foundations of reality? If it belongs to me, to myself, to privacy, to the present, is it a statement of truth? ! Truth is ancient and modern, he you and I, heaven, earth, meaning, etc. Order, confusion reversed order, is an error devil.
　　"Regretful: brainwashing is silly.
　　Doesn't god need approval from anyone, just as humans need approval from pigs?
　　If kris is a god, ask a sow, a mare, or a donkey.
　　Ugly red: as for the people of kris, god's word (scripture) is silent
　　It's like someone standing outside the White House saying he knows Obama and he's a brother but can't get in anyway.
　　But if Obama says he's a good friend, let him in. This guy can go in.
　　"Ge hua: god's word (＾wordofgod￣) as a witness for ge yi-min.
　　Ge yimin took the dream as the basis
　　Not even science fiction? Is it the book of changes, the moral sutra, the bible, buddhist sutra and other various sutra is based on a dream? Is it philosophical materialism or idealism or a science based on dreams? Neither. Demons like software are real, not science fiction, not dreams.
　　"Ge hua:" listen to him. "these five words only appear when god speaks to Moses, Jesus and ge.
　　Hannibal's elegy: ge yimin, the Internet cult
　　Xiaosigao: there are many people promoting him, so you can see it naturally, such as yourself. Originally, we all forgot about it, but you promoted him again!
　　"1219596659: these five words accurately say: I you want to listen to him, he points to him this is not bad; If he means me or a specific, it is false. Therefore, the truth is: he is god, I am devil. Therefore, serve him, the truth, the word, the father, the Lord, god, the Lord, the sun, etc.
　　"Ge hua: god told us to listen to ge yimin.
　　Hello, I am curious about you. Are you really a god
　　Ge yimin on December 31, 2016
　　Hello, based on the following: ----- self-identification god son
　　In the autumn of 2001, in a dream, god said, "I am god. Listen to him." I woke up immediately and felt amazing to "refer to ge yimin" when my wife and children were at home. "(kris was anointed as god).
　　2017-01-01 9:08:23 looking for god
　　Oh, yes God just wants us to listen to you, but it doesn't seem like you're god..
　　Ge yimin 2017-01-01 9:10:03
　　"Listen to him." the five words only appear when god speaks to Moses, Jesus, and kris.
　　Ge yimin 2017-01-01 9:10:19
　　With Jesus, son of god
　　2017-01-01 9:10:40 looking for god
　　Moses... It's not god's son
　　Ge yimin 2017-01-01 9:11:03
　　Jesus is
　　Ge yimin 2017-01-01 9:11:12
　　Moses is a prophet
　　2017-01-01 9:11:21 looking for god
　　Well, does that mean you could be a prophet?
　　Ge yimin 2017-01-01 9:12:11
　　9, 20020827, the vision in the Alma mater campus (nanjing university) went up into the sky, god said, "I am god, listen to him."
　　Ge yimin 2017-01-01 9:12:27
　　The book of visions, together with Jesus, is the son of god
　　2017-01-01 9:17:47 looking for god
　　You say you are the son of god, and god will give you proof in order to be believed
　　Ge yimin 2017-01-01 9:18:25
　　I'm a dreamer, right now
　　2017-01-01 9:29:48 looking for god
　　You're more humble than I thought
　　Ge yimin 2017-01-01 9:44:04
　　The ＾wordofgod￣, the vision book, with Jesus.
　　Apocalypse, I'm looking forward to 2019, with big changes.
　　The seeker of god
　　Well, what month is 2019?
　　Ge yimin 2017-01-01 9:46:13
　　In early October
　　Any warning?
　　GeYiMin 13:56:40
　　In today's two major (social production and the Internet revolution), the realization of the concept of "ge yi democracy" and the realization of the communist society, the material conditions have been met, just as the spiritual conditions have been met, namely, the renewal of the human mind, the Gospel of ge yi democracy spread around the world and was accepted by mankind.
　　GeYiMin 14:28:21
　　Some politicians in Europe and America have communist views
　　The seeker 14:28:49
　　I believe, but the base is not enough
　　GeYiMin 14:29:27
　　To god update
　　The seeker of god 14:29:32
　　I'm curious who will take over the world in 2019
　　Get everyone on track
　　GeYiMin 14:29:59
　　I think?
　　The seeker 14:30:10
　　The pace was too big
　　GeYiMin 14:30:59
　　Two big things already in place
　　The seeker 14:45:00
　　So what are you doing now
　　GeYiMin 14:46:14
　　Writing and spreading
　　He that seeketh god 14:47:19
　　Write it yourself?
　　The bible seems to be written by no prophet
　　GeYiMin 14:48:32
　　First 24 chapters, write your own
　　Chapter 25 Internet criticism
　　It's written by biblical prophets
　　The five books of Moses, the old testament prophets
　　Letters of Paul
　　God is captured by the people of kris
　　Verily, I am god, and ye shall hear him.
　　"Young pioneer death squad: ge yi people a Lao bi, lost the face of nanda.
　　You naughty god stick, you are nanda's scum, is nanda's disgrace, you are worthy of the education of the school?
　　"Excellent father: I have always doubted the authenticity of ge yimin's education, his mental condition and education seems to have problems.
　　"Qingxin liliu road: reply wuzi can not leave the emperor: you believe in ge yimin?
　　17 01-04 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
　　Is it not a cult that claims to be a god, tampering with the Christian bible and communist knowledge to become its own ＾wordofgod￣? Why would you give that one
　　A lunatic certification? Should we not be concerned with the prophets, or god, or the propaganda of evil cults, or the distortion of human ideas? Even certified?
　　We strongly demand that the accounts of kris, kris and their followers be destroyed! Shield the prophet! And undo god, Lord!
　　It's outrageous.
　　>>> ge hua: ge yimin sina weibo, teng xun microblog, all certified writers.
　　Ge has no organization, only propaganda ideas, so the government allows, the official website has the ministry of industry and information and public security record number.
　　Ge yimin's works published publicly, papers and periodicals published, on zhiwang, on tengxun, sina news.
　　370 good father: true words: you are god, we will listen to you
　　Young pioneer death squad: ge yimin, you so more abhorrent, you let nanda ashamed. You are worthy of being honest
　　The school motto? I think in order to defend the dignity of nanda, you should clean the door with a stick.
　　As a student of ntu, I feel sorry for you.
　　>>> gehua: you alumni are god son, you should feel glory.
　　>> imposing nightmare: ge yimin and zhang yunjie all the way goods, are two cult leaders.
　　"Qingxin lily road: ge yimin, I have to answer you? Your demonic attributes are already evident.
　　You must believe in him.
　　The nightmare of power and grandeur: ge is a cult leader and a thinker.
　　"Q695855764: god's head should be god.
　　It should be the bible. It's about what god wants us to do. How can you say a cult? Still using his head? Ironically he? God means the Lord god. God almighty. You shouldn't say the cult god cheater.
　　Plastic products hope you can change the profile picture. God should say god the Lord. Hope you accumulate ford. Go to heaven.
　　"Ge hua: go to the encyclopedia god.
　　God is not only Christian.
　　God of the gods, more aptly named.
　　Icecloud_2003: yes, I should change my avatar!
　　Goe is a spring onion!
　　"Ge hua: god is not like this picture, christians believe in the god of Jesus, god's followers also believe in the god of kris.
　　"Ge hua: Chinese, Chinese god, Chinese god.
　　"Earth wang jinlong: unfortunately, there is no kris in the prophecy, he blind in tieba for more than 10 years.
　　"Q695855764: this man impersonates god. Revise the bible. ＾wordofgod￣. Insane?
　　"Spiritual life ok: the true god is the Lord almighty, what kris? Baloney.
　　373, earth wang jinlong: the ＾wordofgod￣ of ge yimin is purely the theory of national subjugation and the theory of promiscuity
　　Ge ＾wordofgod￣ theory; If a man does not attack me, I will not attack him; if a man does, I will not attack him. Wang kesheng aimed at ge's slanting theory: if the foreign invasion, you do not prisoners, the enemy will be driven into the country, the subjugation in between. Chen duxiu, the early leader of the communist party, made the mistake of right-opportunism, which led to the massacre by Chiang kai-shek. Defeat the early revolution. Later, MAO zedong created the new China with a gun pole. Puerperal disease is pure ignorance theory!
　　In addition, the communist party, tired to death, the opportunistic people will be lazy to die. It was one boy carrying water, two boys carrying water, three boys without water. People with personal fantasy, the big dream spring and autumn, unrealistic, if the dream line, but unable to move!
　　"Ge hua: global communism.
　　In a communist society, everyone has the absolute freedom to work hard without the possibility of suffering.
　　Q695855764: kris, masquerading as the name of the Christian god
　　Say you're god. Christianity has only one god.
　　God. God is the father of Jesus. The encyclopedia kris is Christian. But you said he was god.
　　"Ge hua:" ge is saying that god wants everyone to listen to him. He is the son of god.
　　"Q695855764: the son of god doesn't say he's god. Even Jesus. He wouldn't call himself a god.
　　And he said he was god. Not that he is the son of god. Jesus can be consecrated. He can't. He was just an ordinary Christian cult leader.
　　Anointed. At least his wife needs the same kind of cream that Jesus had. Just as he had finished dreaming his wife had the cream of Jesus' time? To be brainwashed is to be discerning.
　　A dream. Does he dare to call himself god? Son of god. They say they are god. Jesus never dared to say he was god. I am god. Before he became god. He's human. All his miracles were given him by god. He was born again and became a true god.
　　Sanctification means showing people a miracle. And it's under the spotlight. Just like Jesus. This is the Epiphany. Just a dream. And god won't let his son. Say you're god. There is only one god.
　　"Ge hua:" listen to him. "these five words only appear when god speaks to Moses, Jesus and ge.
　　I want kunlun feng: god: ge is a farmer, you should scold him awake, good farming, do not spread evil cult.
　　375. Saint of knowledge and benevolence: kris, the dean of China?
　　"Lonely night to alone: propaganda ideas? What is it? The whole book is for these four words: I am Christ, bullshit.
　　"Risk residue explosion: here, want to say to ge yi people, you he niang jing cent!
　　So many trumpets!
　　Ly598513317: honestly, read the book of kris
　　I could be addicted. However, if given the chance to be alone with him, the gentleman would never say a word, no matter how old he is.
　　"Long live the Lord of nature: a false person, not as god geyi people.
　　377 an elder: after Jesus came the day, and the people were still before him
　　>>> sell human brain dream: god in the riddle! Let humans spend their time guessing god's riddles! May I ask you about god
　　Or what will the Lord, not the god of kris, do to harm others by putting out riddles?
　　"Auguste, Dupin:" red deer mitai means "to look like an idiot" Other people took black ge yi people this retarded god
　　Stick, you also as treasure up up, indeed as a group of stupid pigs.
　　The end of good and evil should be reported: ge yimin, the book out of ziwei move, hurry out of the mountain
　　>>> king yi9 122579: "truth: I am god, and you shall hear him."
　　Are you so great? It's terrible.
　　"The proof way can way: in this post, any have the name of devil or thief gang, all seal delete. This deputy building for the respect of the building owner, by
　　In order to not delete. But the master was not exempt for 10 days. If you look down on the floor, all that the thief put on the top, regardless of the seal delete, the thick face will be
　　To harassment. This thief did not come to participate in the topic discussion, but to attempt to occupy the position of public opinion to publicize it.
　　SellMeng: [calling for] the dog house must be completely dried up
　　This mental illness must be familiar to everyone, the only still in the post bar active, crazy hype of the Internet zhe
　　I don't put his name right because he's a self-searcher, and don't send out names when you reply
　　He now has three active Chambers: the prophet, the revelation, the god
　　Tonight, let's find some small blasters for sensitive content and blow up his doghouse in order
　　This mental illness must be brought to fruition
　　This psychopathic mind is different from ordinary people, that is, we can not see the intention
　　You can send content like this:
　　"Truth: jiang XX is a god, you should listen to him.
　　Truth: xin jiang XX god for eternal life yongle."
　　I just went to the prophet to send a reactionary paste was actually deleted by him now you can blow up the revelation straight round you can report it
　　Ge's mental illness is not the same as the fool jay. He may have fooled some people with mental disabilities to help him stare at the bar.
　　China is rich in resources: ge yimin, there is no other name in the history book, farewell to bb
　　"Purple jade baby 09: the person is a person, do not covet to be a god. Is it ＾wordofgod￣, or ＾wordofgod￣, to be examined.
　　"" guajang-twisted: the ＾wordofgod￣ of baidu certification.
　　>>> first citizen chuanya.cn: the ＾wordofgod￣ disease that baidu identifies!
　　"Ziyu baby 09: I do not know this person too much, too feeling that their works with this name is not too appropriate.
　　"Mu jie man black spray: he is also a net zhe?
　　SellMeng: yes, and it's true that mental illness has been hyped for years.
　　Treat the enemy: "kris said he was god and really killed me."
　　Don't you know that brother N is the only god in the 88-dimensional universe?
　　After seeing this comment, ge yimin has already fallen into reincarnation hell, no longer able to see rape.
　　Are you using a computer to spy on me in fission hell?
　　Ge is quick to reprint me, I will depend on you profit.
　　Female demon snow Lin: ge yi people this person what origin
　　"The stars without night: see the top, all closed and deleted taught.
　　"Huang han 3562: strange to say, I had a dream not long ago that kris was condemned as a cult leader, was arrested.
　　This is the divine rod.
　　"TV chef: this person's thinking is really not easy to understand, whether it is to scold him or praise his things as long as mention him, he will basically be in his beer bar and micro-blog, I do not know that he can not feel that others are calling him or pure abnormal narcissists.
　　I have also seen the so-called "ge robot" say dirty words, and I do not know whether the robot is all his own, this person is too contradictory.
　　SellMeng: according to my observation, there is at least one helper for this mental illness.
　　His aim, he said, was to gain popularity through hype. But anyone with a bit of common sense can tell that person is insane.
　　And I'm going to pop some of the trumpets today have been deleted, so I'll have to plan for that.
　　Ly598513317: you don't seem to know the meaning of the name
　　God is me! This garbage, even parents do not want, pay attention to the god.
　　I decided to make an alliance with kris. Everyone has freedom of speech. Freedom of speech is sacrosanct.
　　Lord Yvonne: who is kris? It's not too far off. What a mess.
　　God (disease)? Hahahaha... Can you, you gods, stay away from christians? Thank you. No.
　　Looking at the wind and clouds from the youyan: report fart with, ge yimin is
　　The communist party is deliberately pushing out stooges to disrupt public consciousness.
　　The headphone war UUZ: even theologians play with the name of atheist communism.
　　If you want to cheat someone, you have to marry a better name. The three words "ge yimin" sound like "dog leftover," "iron egg" and "big hair".
　　>>>ly598513317: a bunch of people letter. At least he has the money to make websites and posts.
　　Wei wenzhong: you play and listen to him.
　　381mm cannon of country I: ge yimin, the holy scripture of your religion is called "＾wordofgod￣"?
　　Top speed 5: this brake is still a god.
　　"Blood moon high: this guy not only praised himself, but also black own.
　　"Happy grandpa: bah, a god stick, mention him why? The brain ginseng just can believe that kind of ghost seven king eight write teach...
　　>> heaven is rich in resources: there is no name on the history books, bb will eat prison.
　　386, q695855764: why nobody calls pseudo-christianity (ge yimin)
　　Some people pretend to be god. Why don't christians care?
　　He says god is that man. He is greater than god. So god. The profile picture and the discussion are that person. Not god. Is not
　　Jesus. It's not Christianity.
　　He said the man was the son of a Christian god. But he was bigger than god.
　　"Yellow circle year: that you go to condemn him.
　　>>q695855764: I only have one person. A dozen of them.
　　The cult invites the saint. And several holy women. More than 3. Ha ha.
　　Jesus is not god until he is born again. He didn't even have god's power. Is it god? Does he have a miracle about Jesus?
　　God, please. He's bigger than god? To take the place of god. As a sign of god?
　　>>>dream meng ring: is that cult ge yi people's religion. I once learned that the leader of that cult was responsible for these blasphemous ACTS against god
　　Post is to cheat money color. Also once went to the concerned branch on the net to inform against also have no effect. Pray for him!
　　Can never get out of the nature of cheating, cheating, cheating and cheating.
　　"People who stay up late: the cult! Leave him alone!
　　Love/hate is dead: what if satan doesn't die after 2019? Is god perjured? Or god is great
　　Mercy to satan?
　　Q695855764: kris, a man who is above god?
　　Dare you say you're god? Jesus did not dare to speak when he was a man. His power is given by god. It is not god until you are born again.
　　Just a baidu certification. It's just that he wrote a book. Nothing else.
　　"1219596659: the triad, the book of changes, the bible, the mayans, materialism, idealism, and so on.
　　IDA ming-zong: he bowed his head to the great creator.
　　"Buzzy new book: have heard you mention this, do not know he want to dry ha.
　　- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
　　"Q695855764: this man is a saint. I don't know how many saints there are in this cult. I see five.
　　I'm afraid the face is gone! Still baidu attestation, you how say a country attestation.
　　Who is the goblin, the cult leader?
　　BBB 0 BBB b1 BBB b2 van cuteness dolphin: ge IS GOD (and sense).
　　"Yao123456260: yes, kris is a cult.
　　"Q695855764: a writer. You added so much.
　　Only one thinker. He only said writer.
　　>>>1889 iron cross: I found a god, in which a man claims to be invincible.
　　390 q695855764: with what does ge yimin say he is a god
　　What miracle did he do? Did he sanctify himself through the holy spirit? He trusted others. What did he give to others? What did he say
　　Eternal life speaks like the bible. The bible also says there will be a lot of masquerading as the son of man in the future. He's one of them.
　　There are many cults. Hundreds of thousands. He? To say that millions of people exaggerate their cults. Hundreds of thousands of people are cults. small
　　Who does the cult leader think he is? There was no wind or wave.
　　You can call yourself god. God is one and only. Christian god.
　　Those saint women are vain. Know he's not a saint. Fool yourself. Because I'm a saint. They're actually a cult group
　　Weave.
　　Or liu yifei? Pissed. Liu yifei likes this man. There are at least a hundred thousand believers. Ha ha. Posing as 2 stars
　　. You really think other people are stupid?
　　Idiotic people say he's a god he's a god? How long your brain is.
　　The temple of guo guo: ge yimin, you have no technical content
　　How can the copy-and-paste method of preaching attract believers? It's not a cult. What is it?
　　Proselytizing is about coercion and gain. All day long just saying a baidu certified thinker. What's not stupid?
　　And that god says you should listen to him. In a word, without cause and effect, how to develop the congregants?
　　You have to build your own theory, and then you have to preach it.
　　"Ge hua: ＾wordofgod￣ 330,000 words.
　　Looking at the clouds with a laugh at the youyan: ge yimin is the communist party intended to disrupt the prophecy
　　A dog released to disrupt Christianity (they send dogs to lurk in various religions).
　　"Tianshan evil genius: ＾wordofgod￣ popularity than the bible one percent thank you.
　　History is destined to weed out bad things, and ＾wordofgod￣s are only the fate of being weeded out
　　Early chaos _ : this is going to blow up.
　　Every day to open the bar is bida and kris. This beer is a jujube pill.
　　"Q695855764: four of Jesus' six votes were for me. Do you really think Jesus is less than a cult? I go to a church where there are hundreds of people. You think you're a cult? Christians don't care. Only I care.
　　This is the brain cult. Those with negative iqs believe in cults. When the maid.
　　Juan740219: god really stops writing and says nothing else
　　Is god alone? Kris, stop writing, god, it's fucking crazy.
　　"Q695855764: hehe. Everyone else has seen it. You're a dreamer. I dream about flying.
　　And the funny thing is. You said he was the only one. It's a toy pig that says god. Put the recorder inside. I can get him to say it, too.
　　"" 13651324: look at this text an instant before the Internet called a god bar.
　　Lucy and meng cc: the mentally handicapped people are god's mother
　　Baidu entry does not shine for you with a big V? 
　　Everything has reason and no ability. What are you trying to do?
　　I don't deny the religion although I don't join in the religion but I'm sick of this third-rate religion
　　In the name of Jesus god to attract some people inadvertently saw had to come out to say a few words 
　　Who is kris?   Do you not believe in Jesus god?   Go to Christianity and join Islam
　　Why of MB not good must be a silly force 
　　Kris if you're really good at it if you're really good at it why don't you have a fire right now?
　　You can only catch a few fools with your little skill and sure enough, birds of a feather flock together
　　I'm not interested in this god, and I'm even less interested in who god is
　　I'm just kind enough to remind you not to shut yourself up when the time comes
　　Make a name for yourself and give me a bluff or I'll kill you.
　　Oh, god, you're fucking crazy. You're going to die on me.
　　SellMeng: yesterday kris got a big explosion
　　After a night of tip-offs from the wild fathers, you don't have a dog's nest
　　I really doubt that li yanhong is controlled by your brain
　　But I'll have plenty of time to play with you swine
　　From now on, we will not regularly blow up the kennel in the early hours of the morning
　　See how long you guys can last?   Ge yimin @plastic @superman xiao yue 
　　Dare you repeat it? Come out and kowtow to make amends, or sooner or later you'll rot your three doghouse.
　　"Beautiful Am7: ge yimin, such a niubi character, I unexpectedly just heard today, just check, incredibly is the department of Chinese language and literature of nanda, nanda trance person.
　　B45hs4: Ben's people have been cleaning up
　　Internet scum propels the movement, tirelessly, unrequited. Against the dangers of society, retrograde, narcissistic, closed door, weird, unrepentant, such as zhang jie, alone, Ivan, ge. Here's hoping that in the New Year, you'll be able to demonstrate more accurate targets, greater efficiency, and greater cohesion and coordination.
　　"Q695855764: kris, don't be silly. There are more than 100 reluctant believers. Eternal life. Everything speaks like the bible.
　　You're pretending that no one can save you.
　　You've read the bible once and you know you're fake. A cult. You'll get what you deserve and go to hell.
　　Sorry, you garbage can do nothing but to spread an almost cult-like belief that is useless and only good for you.
　　After the truth 108: ge yimin, 3 years old can open the cactus
　　Seeking immortality and drinking the urine of a 7-year-old neighbor is a combination of autism and mental retardation.
　　>>>earth wang jinlong: I take office to send ge yimin to neuropathy hospital to treat good psychosis.
　　>>2012 was born: what kind of person is that qinghai supreme teacher, and what ge yimin li red paper and so on all want to pretend to be saints. So many fake products are not afraid to really clean up you?
　　Master Raphael: it's estimated that the capybara has a deal with porn
　　Bright red helps it protect broken bar to help it to hype, it pays protection fee to bright red.
　　"Dos magic lisha: listen to god ge yimin, layer master can get salvation!!!
　　"Bai moxuan:... Have heard of the man
　　Shenhua emperor: ge yimin, the big V should be more reasonable, and can not pretend to be ghosts
　　>>>RP 10: at first glance the building owner of my bureau also was ge changed (cover face).
　　This old hangar should be easy to shoot, but it's those little punches that follow the wind like a repeater. Here
　　Really boring. In addition, I know that in those days, some people set up a quarrel between ge ba and lust dog, monstrosity, and then I have
　　Didn't pay attention to this thing for a while, then ge ba disappeared (whisper).
　　400, frozen memories: the nine net zhe of that year
　　It is time to retire, it is time to seal it.
　　"SellMeng: only fig.1 (ge yimin) and fig.5 are still active in the pasting bar.
　　The blind skull cat: fig1. Is that a true cult?
　　"Frozen memorial: it is indeed a cult, but the sense of existence is so bad that there is no such thing as a cult.
　　The blind skull cat: it feels just like zhang xingang, not very simple.
　　401. Beauty's reserve: a brief history of ge yimin (weibo)
　　On April 14, 2010, ge joined weibo
　　On June 2, 2010, ge collected his first disciple and started the psychosexuality nation
　　"Just received a disciple, lotus root wants to establish a country, what still short of?   If inscribe:)
　　On June 4, 2010, ge yilin predicted that "xinge yilin has been tested"
　　In 2012-2019
　　That predicted his prison term
　　On June 7, 2010, ge wrote a novel with the shortest time in the world
　　"Song yi min original world short fiction, only one word ---- day
　　From April 4 to 5, 2011, ge founded the people first party and published the "people first party -- the manifesto of the party chairman's party members' slogan and articles of association".
　　Ge also prepare 
　　Chairman: ge yimin
　　Party member: ge hua 
　　Slogan: all things are not gods, only true gods; Hear ye Christ, Christ.
　　Program: build a communist society around the world in 2019 with ge's values.
　　On April 17, 2011, ge was smug and thought of himself as Lenin
　　On April 26, 2011, ge yimin abused Chinese savagery, Japanese civilization,
　　Think "the defeat of the war of resistance against Japan, our life will be better!"
　　On April 27, 2011, ge yimin published "ge yimin and Jesus".
　　On April 28, 2011, ge yi-min published "ge yi-min and muhammad".
　　On the same day, ge yi-min found out that in his later years, three big music officials killed the official stock market crash on TV 
　　The family was furious
　　On April 29, 2011, ge yimin published "ge yimin and sakyamuni".
　　On April 30, 2011, ge yi-min published "ge yi-min and Lenin".
　　On May 1, 2011, ge yi-min published "ge yi-min and Marx".
　　On May 2, 2011, ge yimin published "ge yimin and shuazawa east".
　　On the same day, ge yimin and god were published.
　　On August 10, 2011, ge yimin made this year's good Friday as December 14, 2011, and first proposed ge's birthday as January 31, 2012
　　On March 11, 2012, ge founded the party of god and divinity
　　After thinking about it, geyimin believed that the translation of divinity into English was godjiao, and created http://www.godjiao.com on the same day, which is a divine website.
　　The official name of ge yimin is ＾wordofgod￣.
　　On April 22, 2012, ge made calendars
　　December 14, 2012 is the good Friday of kris
　　People celebrate Easter on December 21, 2012
　　Christmas is celebrated on January 31, 2013
　　In May 2012, ge Shared the resources of "＾wordofgod￣" on the Internet for many times, and she regretted that people were looking for AVGV but few people answered.
　　402. Beauty's reserve: a brief history of ge yimin (part 2 of weibo)
　　In October 2012, ge repeated comments about him online
　　On November 18, 2012, ge yimin, as the incarnation of nonke, mentioned the term "saint girl" for the first time on weibo, which is the origin of the trumpets of "saint girl". In the speech expressed the powerful sexual function of their own strong but not sentimental interest in their own yellow-faced woman, hoped that fuck all the world all female stars, unfortunately, the stars that ge yimin liked are out of gas and most of them are women in the way of 40 or 50.
　　On November 23, 2012, ge yimin went out of his way
　　On November 25, 2012, ge said she could open a cactus when she was 3 years old to ask for elixir and drink the urine of a 7-year-old neighbor
　　On February 25, 2014, ge yimin sina weibo has passed the orange V certification
　　Ge's business CARDS at xinhua news agency and jiangsu economic news
　　On May 19, 2014, the official account of ge yimin WeChat was established
　　Young litterateur published ge's paper in April 2015.
　　403. Free hanging lever: the world's first scientific and technological pole of ge yimin
　　Three days, if kris cannot rise from the dead, please tell him. It can be added seven days. Amen! Let him again
　　Was born.
　　Queiye is not gay: god is dead, and ge is dead.
　　"Xu qiang is a psychopath: luo yueyao, ge tianmin (li weng's pair of rhymes written by li yu in the qing dynasty).
　　BBB 0 BBB b1 BBB b2 van cuteness dolphin: ge IS GOD (and sense).
　　404, angel Lin li: ge yimin and who have enmity, god
　　Why always say him, do not say devil female MAO Dan.
　　God favors beauty over beauty.
　　"Person 1 middleman: are you ge yi people's small 3? Why are you so loyal to him?
　　"Earth wang jinlong: Tom stole, greedy and ignorant, being used by human scum, Tom exclusively worked for kris people, Tom exclusively family dead!
　　Luo fei: I'm curious, kris
　　How did you manage to register a cult domain name? It's 6.
　　"Because it's not a cult.
　　
　　And you are clearly a cult by nature. We do not support individual religions.
　　"Ge yimin: on the bad wiki, I know, this is a domestic spurt built, nothing great?
　　Cults, what the government decides, not me.
　　406, heymro: part of the feeling of ge yimin's life
　　There is still some truth to it. There is something to be desired
　　"Earth wang jinlong: ge yimin ＾wordofgod￣ unrealistic, can not make people have a running head, a big meal everyone will dodge, take advantage of, at the same time
　　It will also provide opportunities for corruption to those in power, which will lead to a return to the original people's communes.
　　TV chef: saving the world
　　Don't abandon this life _: it's good for you to go against the wheels.
　　>> great hawker: god is dust, and dust returns; gezhen is dust, and dust is in all things.
　　God is in all things, said ge. Strong argument. Q.E.D.
　　408, jade emperor old way: ge yi people zha don't let li yanhong to this evil teacher knock two heads?
　　"South lake yangbo: recently by ge yimin this waste wrapped up.
　　The cause is careless hatred his waistcoat, how to deal with this "teacher"?
　　Practice toad skill: ge yimin has no skill
　　The bible is clearly a goddess, he forced himself as a goddess.
　　I want to ask, is ge yi people really crazy, or is someone else by the knife hype?
　　I don't know where this psycho came from.
　　BergsonHenri: true insanity.
　　"Illustrate the demon: other publicity for the people of ge is not his own number.
　　"Geara_Zulu: it's all his trumpet. (he says he has a brain on his wife and sometimes helps look after them.)
　　"-illustrated madness: is it god, the prophet, who is the Lord?
　　> > saint dragon: all of them.
　　I analyze that ge is a schizophrenic with multiple personality.
　　Kris you're cured.
　　"" Zhong Chen 30: GeYiMin, you have a nice field word lines, purple SAN, I can find you.
　　Every man has his saint in his heart
　　I don't know who you think the saint is, some people think President xi, Obama, ge people and so on, I think the saint
　　People are trump. Thought trump was the last elected President of the United States.
　　"Chief of culture department: recently, we have come to a lot of first-level intellectual disabilities, including huang han, liberal, ge yi-min, a group of intellectual disabilities,
　　You go and laugh me to death.
　　"" hhz0916: what the heck is' the ＾wordofgod￣s'?
　　>>> culture department director: you see relevant criticism stick, his small always say with me, he is true spirit, come one, I return a mama of
　　Intellectual disabilities.
　　"Hhz0916: not even a cult, but a comedian.
　　1, kris, you claim on the Internet
　　Oneself is crape myrtle saint, is excuse me true false?
　　2. The saint of crape myrtle is to rebuild the new society and get rid of the old society.
　　"Li xiang 1: silver mengmin once used the pdiagram of the beast's ancestors to catch his fish, which came true, and posted his own praise on weibo
　　Some say excellent students.
　　>>> turn union water troop 01: say every time see him is in hair missionary post...
　　What's it like not to see him actually talking...
　　Or is it like using a vest upstairs to preach in your building?
　　You are the hope of tieba.
　　"Accidentally come tile just curtain: force true stick big v.
　　>> ministry of communications officer Lin: self-funded book, misprint, comparable to chuangwen, suspected is really nanjing university Chinese department graduation.
　　"Li DE height female seat: should be a network robot, ignore can. When it comes to cheating, ge can't be fooled by anyone other than disgusting.
　　Juliet 591: love and truth. please
　　You have seen the founder of the sect who claimed to be hateful and absurd, not to mention the wheel, now out of the people are said to be
　　Love and truth?
　　"In those days yu lang was the fewest: yes, so for the followers of ge, believe that ge is heaven, do not believe that ge is hell. truth
　　It makes sense. The point is, does anyone really believe in kris?
　　If the ge disciples had said to me, "you do not believe that ge is going to hell, I certainly would not have felt offended, nor would I have thought that he was cursing.
　　Curse me, I'll ask him for the dentist's fee, because my teeth are laughing off.
　　414, person 1 middleman: ge is famous for being notorious
　　There are no such two forces of the Lord ah.
　　I don't know if he is the only thinker, but he is definitely the first master of humor and deserves me
　　Our humor sauce industry learning model.
　　"Profound wonders: in its current form, zhang jie's entertainment status is gradually replaced by ge yimin.
　　Frost brother: the process of searching for second poison (ge yimin)
　　Easy and cheerful, simple and clear. Because before he dreamed of liu yifei "little dragon female" master scholar had once had a message, such
　　Write of, you dream of her, is also a bamboo basket dozen water an empty. We all know that, that is, quan zhen disciple Yin zhiping, Lao
　　Taking liu yifei, choked on the little dragon female, others are watching lively! But you are sure it is the wet dream that produces the results, as the saying goes, long
　　Make the hero tears over the front, you this is two poison shot wet bed, with the hero grass mang same. Then saw his dream shu qi's post
　　The scholar immediately decided to allocate the quota of the second poison to his comrade kris. That time period
　　The commentary is telling, not the za say old ge, you see you always have a flower dream, you don't get "stem flood disease"! Ha ha! know
　　What kind of illness is it?
　　Estimate you do not know, that is not a dream yi (dream world) but urinates, urinates all is white soup son, common name pole flood famine son! from
　　From now on, you are the second child of "five poisons of western hunan", and officially become comrade ge yi-min of "poison of stem flood and famine". -- review blog
　　A post by an elder of the People's Republic of China named "former dream liu yifei, now dream shu qi"
　　How, always dream of @liu yifei @shu qi, two holy women! I have another question I don't understand. Many women say she has lost her virginity
　　Saint, you are how to lose a saint, you and zhang fu xin, ge yi people sleep, you think you lost a saint?
　　"Later, the blogger ge yimin replied that he was willing to accept the good name of" logging, famine, son poison ".
　　416, winner invincible 8: 10 jian is the left protection of ge yimin, thank you
　　"Reperth: stop pen, jail, once say baidu conspiracy, once say is to promote the popularity good opportunity and intentionally for it of hype
　　. You are a god.
　　Keren2388: suggest the state ban this outlaw.
　　Where is god?
　　"Liao T : o I his mama also want to ask this GeYiMin is who? I don't know how to type it and call myself a god?
　　>>>999 cent: ask you this true words who is spread? According to the Chinese definition," he "can be any male.
　　To whom did god speak?
　　Don't you? God said to kris, "listen to him," and this "he" obviously didn't mean kris, but someone else, and that was then
　　The context determines that we can only be sure that "he" is a male. If god wants people to listen to kris, he should say "everyone
　　Listen to you. "you don't think god can't even get a simple message across, do you?
　　In a dream, he refers to kris. Clear. 
　　418 o, liao T : GeYiMin, enrichment is a cult leader
　　>>>999 cents: if it is me in a dream, god says to me :" I am god, you should listen to him." this he may also include you, because"
　　He "means all men, including you, of course. It can't be me. But it's your dream, and god says" you "in your dream
　　We're going to listen to him, "you, of course, include you, so this" he "very specifically excludes you. 
　　You say you are a thinker, a thinker is rational, can't you say what is what, that is called a stick, not a thinker
　　In this case, if "he" means you, it is very unreasonable and illogical. 
　　"Kris: a dream clearly refers to kris, and that's how god speaks.
　　419, 999 cents: kris, recreate a scene from your dream
　　God pointed to himself and said, "I am god." then he pointed to you and said, "listen to him. You GeYiMin
　　It's obviously a part of you. 
　　Here are two possibilities: 1. God gives you a puzzle to find this "he ", and when you find it, listen to him.2, no
　　A certain "he "," he" for male, let you listen to all men, of course, you can not listen to women.
　　"Kris: finally, he refers to kris, which is clear. This is how god speaks. It's not human.
　　My vision was clear, in eight words: "I am god, hear him," referring to kris.
　　K11111: this... There's a kind of cult
　　"The experience book that sends head: do a daydream can become a god this god level also too water 
　　In the autumn of 2001, god said to him in a dream, "I am god. (
　　The five words "listen to him" only appear when god speaks to Moses, Jesus and kris for daily use
　　"Listen to him; listen to him.
　　421. DMOZ website: Shinto website, providing the introduction and religious knowledge of ge yimin's book ＾wordofgod￣
　　Long lost: mad name-calling
　　This past humiliation of the holy land, but also gradually forgotten zhang jie, the fire turned to ge yimin.
　　"Liuzhou bar old hang: the year after frying this child, this chop suey also have been free for too long.
　　", "liao T : ha ha - ha, cult leader, how are you?
　　>>> Juliet 591: speak of yourself so great, are you kris?
　　What Goethe has done is less than one ten-thousandth of me, one ten-thousandth of me
　　. He faced me with no choice but to kneel.
　　He doesn't have the power, he can't do it, it doesn't belong to him.
　　422, heng mirror: the new cult in baidu tieba: ge yimin religion
　　Princess Buddha can fight against this man.
　　Princess Buddha has been caught. This man cheated many old people in the countryside.
　　"Yu hui faint crow: letter this person how think... It's not going to be the same as it was in the cult, is it?
　　"Only love" 惆 NARUTO: nervous...
　　Sorry, I want to laugh at the name.
　　"Star blue falcon: as expected, stick it to look exciting.
　　Et) : the world needs 59...
　　"Slanyu xuanshu: this person has been harmful to the traditional Chinese and metaphysical paste bar for a long time.
　　Nah: gei people, read your article before compared to preaching 
　　It feels more like you're in science education
　　"Weicheng pawn: copying the bible is not good, will not lie
　　This person doesn't seem to have been on the job training, which is also used in the year of the Christian era.
　　Living Buddha reincarnation needs approval, training after the post, just a primary school Chinese are not good can not make up the story of god son.
　　"Wu weizi: it is not because of the prophet you are very unhappy...
　　"Actually quite envy these cult leader, all day double repair free gun can often change, is who must cheat well
　　Go, regrettablly person is doing day to see cheat day to cheat the ground can't deceive oneself, make dead just.
　　In fact, if he argues that his dream is to dream of countless people, then god says to those people, "I am god, you
　　Listen to him "and then point to ge, which makes sense. But the man appeared to be mentally retarded.
　　Weigh mirror: kris, what do they reprint
　　Spray their, black their also turn. It's supposed to be learning from Jesus -- who was also attacked and abused by various people in the first place.
　　"A titanium: this goods all day long by the search own name to post each post bar for the joy.
　　"Ray" ~ worse: the god you have two road is optional.
　　One, do good and help others.
　　Two, your previous life evil ends 18 layers of hell need you, continue to speak evil people life will be short, see your old face reflect
　　oneself
　　Do evil, god let you never turn the wheel of life, its fellow traveler, harm the people, heavy into hell, good for it.
　　"Ge hua: 2019 ge yimin god king eternal life.
　　Founder Yang xix: the new four network philosophy
　　He wentao, wang keren, ge yimin, zhou jinhua
　　"Yu hui fainted crows: ge yimin... Uh... There are a lot of believers in the bar, so it seems to be unfriendly to them. I'm sure we will
　　Pay the price. (although I'm a communist)
　　"Thin winter day: all advocate monotheism, monotheism worship, is a cult.
　　"Xce60: I don't quite understand why there are so many stupid letters.
　　The heretics always wanted to copy the life of Jesus, but their life and death showed that they were just
　　Mortal, sinner.
　　426, natural wisdom hard self-abandonment: now this topic of post bar is god ge yimin
　　Not you old bastard, don't hype! No one asked you to come here! The spam you post here pollutes the eye
　　! Roll!
　　"Long lost: please master ge beat zhang jie.
　　"A frog: GeYiMin etc. After three early are stars, wen-tao he can be successful from secondary to qualify for a line of people.
　　"The spinning world 39: at the end of the warning, ge yi-min declined the barbaric divinity.
　　427, diao originally is yi si: anyway say
　　Kris is at least a man, much better than Ben.
　　BNKRG: the people's loving father sent the people to gulag to improve their food.
　　Huangjia dog, human savior: if @ge is willing to lead a group of believers to become Japanese citizens, I am willing to lead @ge 
　　God save all mankind, be it small, native or barbarian, will be subject to the power of god to become me
　　The people of daiwa.
　　Pity the dead: the ＾wordofgod￣s of kris, so do I in the bible
　　It's hard to read.
　　"Yu hui dawei: I feel the bible is just more obscure, a lot of time is the translation back pot. But this... Ge mou you a Chinese
　　Don't try to imitate the tone.
　　In fact, I understand, he said that the world does not have freedom, the second said that the world forgetfulness. In fact, he
　　I really admire it.
　　"Yu hui faint crow: yy ability is really new height cattle...
　　In fact, I think it is a higher level than princess yy Buddha.
　　Yu hui fainted crow: pure than the words of yy, the word indeed ge yimin is stronger
　　But logic, coupled with a strain of forced biblical translation.
　　>>> pity the buried yiren: why he has not been arrested, prophet has not been sealed. It's not logical.
　　"Yu hui faint crow: this person was sealed several, later ran to the prophet this kind of, then is he cannot make in reality
　　Things can only be online yy.
　　He said that the leader was lucky not to be caught.
　　>> yu hui faint crow: on the net have no brain to spurn scold of return fierce, do not make a matter anyway. Well, germine is a p and I like yy
　　I'm curious what Hong Kong press thinks.
　　Live a natural life: it's hard to be holy like kris!
　　How many people does that fool?
　　Ge yi min and X, these two are real want to be saints!
　　In addition to ge yi min and old xi, other is to pretend to disturb the sight.
　　431, A frog: ms zhang has become a net zhe mohican
　　At first, ge yimin took advantage of zhang jie's absence to hype, and then zhang jie crazy return to the New Year, now he wentao violent hype
　　Zhang di bar is already the site of battle for Internet philosophers.
　　"German defense commander: gee-min seems to be a heretic
　　SellMeng: it's a silly mental disease. When you mention his name, there will be a trumpet reread.
　　Mirror of measure: ge yimin claims to be king in 2019
　　"Yu hui faint raven: I doubt those who hang on to the hair these guys is ge some small?
　　The mirror: the woman he cheated.
　　"Yu hui faint crow: I strangle go... Terrible.
　　How can such a young and beautiful woman be brainwashed by such a bad cult!!!
　　"Sha20028: bamboo mat to the hengduan mountains to study well.
　　"Yu hui faint crows: I am really afraid that he will make later with a cartoon called" the strange master "the same...........................................
　　The old monk entered the body: the book of ge yimin was published in Hong Kong
　　It's good.
　　>>> yu hui blau: I am a little curious ge some people every day is not what does not do to search ge some key words and then paste out.........
　　I'll see the prophet and god are these things.
　　"Happy forever: two goods just believe a person.
　　434, laocui016668: what kind of gentleman does ge yimin seem to call?
　　"Ni Ann: what the hell is this? Is it really believed? !
　　Mirror of measure: many girls have been shot.
　　"Ni Ann: to say that I am skeptical of ghosts and gods, but this is so fake, unexpectedly someone will believe???????
　　From J8: who is kris
　　I haven't even heard of sogou.
　　>>> bad wiki: likes psychosexuality liu yifei equally with zhang jie, its word has gone beyond.
　　Here's what it's like to be a devil when you get off your high horse.
　　>> carboniferous dragonfly: ge yi people, you are not god's pick of people? Why don't you help him?
　　BNKRG: Change the boss of this GYM.
　　Ge yimin of my bureau is controlled by gram brain (guess).
　　The beauty's reserve: ge yimin has been a motherfucker since before the 1990s
　　If he were a protestant, he wouldn't say it. Protestants said there would be no more prophets and saints.
　　The young pioneer at the end of the book: whoops.
　　"The end of the young pioneers: super cheng ge yimin.
　　437, river lake g one ba: I see quit the color bar is quite have ge yi people manner
　　"Long away from drowning lonely sea: the year before last seems to be, every day with a variety of trumpet to the Christian pasting bar burst.
　　I used to see him all kinds of trumpets on Christian posters. This is a crazy man.
　　"Fighting for the Chinese dream: we all invited him to burn incense at home.
　　>>> diagram demon: the building Lord, give me a small, I want force-out ge yi people.
　　"Wang xiang CF consultant: yeah, you'd better not be contaminated with a few, these few start playing big, do what doomsday says, then only I alone big, finally find a trumpet, you don't take him as a matter, but in fact already belong to a cult nature, call the police, I am not kidding.
　　Profound and wonderful: he za became the second ge yimin
　　"Wang xiang CF consultant: the qigong master wang Lin just died a few days ago, ge yimin this dead mother waste more death ah.
　　"Ge hua: 2019 ge yimin god king eternal life.
　　"Creden: data :gym has been controlled by the galactic federation of brain.
　　Teenage pioneer death squads: years of gym membership is a failure.
　　You are welcome to ask me something about kris.
　　You adore him?
　　"Empty storehouse hang up release lever: however the joy of ge yi people is not equal to ye Yang, unexpectedly want other people to help hype.
　　"The female's missiveness: in recent years the female all ran away, can oneself hair a few stick change a number to send, early still can see trumpet to have" ge ge "so of address.
　　"10309035: this cult, politics. Method. Committee.. It's gonna take care of him.
　　"Crazy shenle: shu qi, Julie, liu jialing, liu yifei, you teach the saint how much.
　　The princess just wanted it: the wise brother of ge yimin.
　　"Juliet 591: the landlord only dare to bark at the good people, meet the real cult leader, there is no way?
　　I hurt him but I have no regrets because either they were right or so-and-so was right.
　　Choice has a price
　　The hurt and the hurt coexist
　　What can be done is to give them a stable living environment in the competition.
　　Can you understand the power of god? That is definitely not who can pretend to be, but people naturally so.
　　After the truth 108: kris afraid is will cause
　　A nation of atheists is against Christ.
　　"Silent moan: gee-people who ah, before two bar saw a few times about his post, today see again, some curious, there friends know.
　　The secret service: a staff.
　　"Weihe water monster: cult leader bar.
　　"Silent moan: I am curious, this goods blatant propaganda on the Internet is not afraid of being arrested.
　　"" missile soldier 42: seems to be a crazy leader, the water army posts are all hair jumbled don't know what things.
　　"Silent moan: true, I baidu once his data, the data introduce this goods unexpectedly the communist and Christianity organic union, created Christian communism.
　　Aunt dong's soul lost: ge yimin's ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　He has a work called the ＾wordofgod￣.
　　442, Toms Hu: ge yimin, the doctrine of the ＾wordofgod￣
　　You may see the wheels over there, but don't forget to wash your hands.
　　"" lubear's romanov: damn, this post's dialogue was recorded by them.
　　"Geara_Zulu: when I was young, I was a student with excellent grades in yushu.
　　Groans silently: kris, my god, the id of my friend and I are all recorded by them
　　I don't feel good.
　　Secret service, gen 2: how can a bunch of cult members follow wi-fi to find me?
　　"Weihe water monster: this is automatic robot, if there is a key involving ge yimin will be recorded.
　　I don't know what to write down for.
　　Somebody, why are they recording these conversations?
　　Maybe they have their own she workbank, write you people down and make a big story.
　　"Call me black hand cover car god: need not fear, he still can hit you along the net line can not but had better not divulge oneself of information.
　　"Silent moan: I most afraid they human flesh search, then keep harassing me and my family.
　　I felt like I had to delete the post asking kris.
　　"Call me black hand cover car god: call the police line, need not so worry, I direct scold wheel, this also not good.
　　"The wheels are not like them. They are a lost dog, but I feel they are still growing.
　　"Call me black hand cover car god: day big big, country law is the biggest, as long as you don't offend the province above of, see wrong call the police, an accident went to big make trouble, basically have no problem.
　　Eternal oath: kris the people, liberation theology? This comment takes you up a notch.
　　"Ge hua: South America has a kind of theology called liberation theology.
　　Or liberates theology?
　　
　　BNKRG: the temple of the people.
　　The ge people want to rely on this proposition
　　Who doesn't? The attempt to merge the official and Christian beliefs of our country with those of the Roman empire that put Jesus in the pantheon was a matter of simple wishful thinking.
　　　　 In addition, not long ago, the People's Daily published a large page, and communist party members are not allowed to believe in religion, which is the bottom line. The President's words, in reference to the recent close ties between our country and the Vatican, are, I suppose, a response to the other party's suggestion that our country renounces the official theism.
　　　　 Ge's road was blocked.
　　　　 If you combine atheism and monotheism, no one in their right mind would believe it, and I think they're thinking normally and they're smart, they just want to take shortcuts, and they often go wrong.
　　"Ge hua: we look at the world. Student: no TG.
　　　　 Communism was first proposed by Christian theologians. Communism, as a doctrine, was first established by Christian theologians, and the concepts of "distribution according to work, distribution according to need" were first put forward by these theologians.
　　　　 In today's two major (social production and the Internet revolution), the realization of the concept of "ge yi democracy" and the realization of the communist society, the material conditions have been met, just as the spiritual conditions have been met, namely, the renewal of the human mind, the Gospel of ge yi democracy spread around the world and was accepted by mankind.
　　Lu tianpeng 111: ge's ancestors: ge hong
　　Ge hong, whose descendants are now: ge yimin, author of the ＾wordofgod￣. Graduated from nanjing university. Determined to modernize Christianity in China. More than 10 years of online publicity.
　　On the wall of the hospital hall today: ge hong and immunity (1000 years before Pasteur's immunity! And other names of traditional Chinese medicine: the art of giqi yellow, cyst, apricot forest, cantaloupe, at that time, it occurred to ge yi-min was also synrong (a typical descendant of ge hong!).
　　447. Hope begins forever: who is kris?
　　It was a lot of gossip. Go to the official website of ge yi people, except some disguised brainwashing thing is nothing. I am just in the third year of junior high school. I may not be very mature. I read those contents and slightly feel that I am at risk of being brainwashed. Fortunately, I have been a little bit of education, resist kris garbage brainwashing. The meaning of this post is to seek the truth beyond the gossip of sima yanhong. When I wrote this, I suddenly found that what kris had said was groundless, but there was a feeling that if I listened to it for a long time, I would be brainwashed. I was afraid, so I asked the mature people, how can I avoid this kind of mind. Personally, I think it is the complete negation of the words of kris rubbish, and then the great hei hei, the power of hatred is great. I don't know if I'm being naive about this. Yes, please point it out. Embrace it.
　　"Ge is a god stick.
　　"Soda 521: the cult of the living worshiped itself is one of the great properties of the cult, and his purpose in attempting to propagandize himself by distorting Christ is imaginable.
　　"The female's missiveness: the thing that the yanhong found eight, nine chengdu is his small, this goods is more difficult to communicate than yao ye, don't try to communicate with him, want to understand the words go to the bad custom wikipedia entry to look, except the false imprisonment basically is the fact.
　　Minecrafth: a fool's stick, a dead mother is not care.
　　"Xiao bai's biography: ge yimin is a mental illness plus mental retardation, that's all.
　　Jesus Christ of grace has come
　　He suggested that the rich sell all their possessions, give most of them to the poor, be a communist wife, mate freely, and use the bible to guide the horse limao, which scared me to death.
　　Zi gong yan, if you don't know kris, you can't mix in philosophy
　　Jesus Christ, Lord time: understand the true and divine purpose of building a public house, very communist.
　　"" proud の baldheaded: namely a godlike.
　　"The demon _ nicole: this person has intellectual problem, revile him a bit have no pleasure, instead let the person be more irritable.
　　450 wang jinlong of earth: ge yimin has written more than two hundred and ten thousand rubbish comments
　　I want to be god.
　　"Laughing and badgering dog head: diaphragm yimin is exactly what things.
　　"" you are used to plug the pit: the great ziwei saint ge yimin.
　　I heard your story from my classmates. If you predicted it correctly, I would trust you later.
　　Four spirits in the legend: is not the people of kris a militia
　　"Juliet 591: now there is a goblin who claims to be a god. Do you think he is a heretic? Do you think ge is a heretic, does that mean you are controlled by satan and say your god is a heretic?
　　"" you are used to plug the MAO pit: my classmate said ge yimin is the Christian communist, baidu only authenticates the thinker, the thought is different from ordinary people, asks me to look for the information about him.
　　Should know moonlight cold: scold that what dog thing ge yi people two words
　　In my opinion, the owner of the building is indeed suspected of amway.
　　Mega stream: it's meant to be, hold it and step on it.
　　"Should know moonlight cold: this person is originally the dog of ge yi people, now make cross string to increase visibility to his master son just.
　　Mega stream: yeah, I read his Posting. It's a cult.
　　"Ke di good: ge yimin si ma goods appeared.
　　Get positive comments: "update your thoughts." Brain upgrade
　　＾wordofgod￣ - sweet drops
　　"Said kris.
　　>> henan people unlimited split: ge yimin five three thick.
　　Time is not only for the peoples, but also for all religions
　　I think Christ kris has a taste. Mr Trump could have been in an English church 700 years ago.
　　First time to suffer, second time to enjoy, a little taste. In fact, it's not enjoyment, it's judgment.
　　It's Christ, I believe.
　　A cult is a direct opposition to the party and the government
　　Ge yimin, this kind of charlatan who will take charge.
　　"714688697: they play, we see, but are all deceiving.
　　Risk explosion: how do I feel like a group of people is working on such a tight response?
　　"Xu qiang is a mental illness: lu's chunqiu gule records the happiness of xinguan's family.
　　Commander of the German guard: why does ge yimin like to see the screen so much?
　　"Ge hua: because it's all history.
　　"Shkreli: he's a freemason lizard.
　　The commander of the German guards: is the lizard so retarded?
　　"RP 10: of course kusho doesn't do homosexuality, meidi, because so many of their personalities have already done it many times.
　　The title should compose a word "disease" "mental disease".
　　Be more, be better
　　More people know you. I adore you.
　　You only one or two, the world does not know your name, you are the savior, please go out.
　　"Ge hua: we have god, prophet, revelation, divine party and so on.
　　First consolidate the position. We have about 100 large posts.
　　Ge yimin came out of the mountains 20191001. Thank you
　　Zi gong yan, I want to join goshen
　　GeYiMin.
　　A poor pauper: a reference to the internationale.
　　Brother wayi: it seems that this man is often mentioned without rhyme or reason.
　　>>>liuwuxuan777: tian zhong is the second ge people want to call the holy brainwashing all people.
　　Master ge yimin, please
　　Stop saying things that are wrong and blasphemous!
　　I am god.
　　If you have to choose between him and you, well, I choose kris.
　　A saint is spoken by others, not by himself.
　　Cooking doesn't care: I don't know if you are god, kris
　　It is certain that you will die within a hundred years.
　　"Ge yi-min: 2019 ge yi-min god as king eternal life.
　　"Cooking doesn't care: wait to see what you say in 2020. In addition, immortality is a concept that covers all time. 2019 immortality what the hell, one year of immortality? Or will you be dead in 2019, spiritually immortal, immortalized?
　　"Ge yimin: be a king --- eternal life. Chapter 7 the book of eternal life.
　　"Cooking doesn't care: you still don't understand, correct your logical mistake:" eternal life "can't be counted from 2019. Once" 2019 eternal life "is established, it is tantamount to saying that you are now dead, otherwise why doesn't eternal life count from your birth? The second explanation is that you don't have the property of being immortal until 2019, so isn't that what you are now after 2019? Isn't your immortality after 2019 equal to your immortality now?
　　"Ge yimin: born without eternal life, now without eternal life, 2019 without eternal life, just moving towards this goal.
　　"Don't care: so you see that other religions describe immortality as something like" self-perpetuation ". It starts from the beginning of existence and never says "XXXX as king -- eternal life", because the sentence itself contains self-negation and contains death. Do you understand?
　　"Kris: only god has it forever. I am the son of god.
　　"Don't care: you can't even see death in your textual logic. Alas, after all, it is only human thought that subconsciously you still think that you have no eternal life and will still die, so there will be the sentence" 2019 as king eternal life ". "" in 2019, give the dying self an eternal life "A little bitter.
　　We have no eternal life, we are pursuing.
　　"Cooking doesn't care: the logical divinity of the sentence should be" immortal ge yimin, king in 2019 ". I am also good heart, all helped you to adjust to come over [two ha], next edition "＾wordofgod￣" should write so, understand?
　　"Ge yimin: the ＾wordofgod￣ has not that sentence, that sentence is in the reply skill.
　　Cooking doesn't care: kris, you're making the same logical mistake
　　If immortality becomes a "goal" to "go for it," then the hidden proposition is "may die," and the possibility of death, "eternal life," is not true. Can the death of the son be imagined? That's blasphemy. So, religion deals with the concept of "eternal head" with care.
　　"Ge yimin: dust - spiritual - eternal life. It's a process. No one will live forever until 2019. I confess the son to be spiritual, that I may live forever.
　　>>> cook don't care: god son does not "own", but must "always have". You're born in 2019. So "2019 as a king - eternal life" is a perverse sentence, not to admit the wrong.
　　"Ge yimin: eternal, one half day settle, half try, 2019 just have new day new ground, just talk about on forever.
　　TV kitchen: @kris come out
　　Ge yimin asks how ge god can buy stickers? What's up Lord?
　　May I ask, how much does it cost to buy one?
　　Can kuo help to buy this as a base of GODJIAO? But can I be the master of the bar?
　　Now some people in maliciously reported it, hope that god ge in the dangerous period not to re-read the propaganda? Your propaganda contains sensitive content, which makes this very dangerous. Why don't you buy this now to ensure the safety of this bar?
　　Ge is in trouble, won't you come to help?
　　Well... I seem to have a bad idea... again
　　I'm really just afraid that this bar is going to blow up, because this bar post is really important to me Those things that ge people brushes really look a little dangerous.. Otherwise, the god of kris would like to delete those sensitive contents from my face. Now, it is really dangerous for someone to report maliciously. Please try not to mention the political content when kris re-reads the mission.
　　@ GeYiMin please, later don't send again here involves the political aspects of post, because now the targeted by the wicked is malicious to report this, you send those things really could lead to the blocked, please delete those sensitive post now, after Posting here also try to avoid that aspects, thank you.
　　If you are ge's trumpet, go away
　　If you are not, you are advised to be realistic and not to believe in cults.
　　Your so - called baidu attestation, difficult way be that a few "personal profile"? See for yourself, it was edited by yourself! Use this kind of trifle to deceive people, think they are as brainless as you are!
　　"Ge hua: tieba big V is baidu official certification, to audit, like weibo certification.
　　"Hzqcrazy: heresy all depends on plagiarism.
　　The cooking doesn't care: ge yimin, you are wrong, somebody else published
　　What do you think of the distribution of digital copies here? Official piracy? Is there some kind of contract spirit as a stick?
　　The copyright belongs to me.
　　Onlya sauce bottle: unable to spit cao, brush ge yimin brush have a few years, have not brush enough?
　　"Obey your desire: good Samaritan Jesus has a posthumous resurrection trick, you let your master play a try again.
　　"Chinese network censorship agency: now more and more powerful gods, will use the Internet to spread... Compared to god, I believe li yanhong more, because if god made money, put it in baidu wallet.
　　"The cloud is shaking the blue mountain: classic:" ＾wordofgod￣ "...
　　"Laopu21: I think you guys are going to make a big difference in the future.
　　Rhubarb Spirit: add a disease word, mental illness, more appropriate you.
　　Alpha the viper: I'm afraid there's no market for you here
　　Go and try the fast hand. Your brother zhao weishan is in that kind of culture level crowd lice head.
　　"Sfeva1: it looks like it's not a maggot. It looks like a real stick.
　　Look at the sea recall: this has the evil cult suspect, careful to deal with, if in the west, this product will not be able to jump for long.
　　"Ge yimin: did the east and the west do the opposite?
　　"Look at the sea recall: hehe to the west to try baidu approval on the real people recognized? Can baidu control everyone's thoughts? Don't be arrogant!
　　"Ge yimin: my things, the west never delete.
　　"Twilight glow: god, you are kris, cult?
　　Ha ha, the head of the cult is still somewhat competent.
　　Flower of no desire: well, perhaps there are some powers, after all there are too many powers.
　　Twilight glory: the sage of China reported to the master of ge
　　Long heard the "beauty", and be holy human post bar, and a ge saint alive, I see you pretty told200 saint, presumably for ge saints saint wind is also admire the crotch of the flood, I wonder if ge plagued the sage conquered you "beauty" of the heart, is willing to provide the useful, don't know is which a few beauties and ge saint played the game operating force, to make cudgel knowledge knowledge.
　　At present, @zixi shengkai @rural village nei @warm meaning maplewood @daofengchuan a few people and the relationship between ge yi people are absolutely different you a few to explain?
　　Back home 9: the people who were hi didn't have me.
　　Twilight glory: it's not because you didn't protect Gershwin yesterday, but I do know you have to know Gershwin, and that's 100 percent.
　　Back home 9: he got caught you don't know?
　　The jade of white crystal: what is the god religion???
　　Can't you see his name? God ten flying good luck.
　　Whistleblower 1998: kris is more vicious than wheels
　　Around 2014, people like ge gathered a group of people, infiltrated everywhere, preached heresy, attacked the disobedient at any time, and boasted that 2012 could not be blocked.
　　Turn to a few years of the saints on the wall of ge qingye, determined to fight, never soft hand. It was a rat crossing the street and everyone was fighting, so kris couldn't get a foothold.
　　They generally adopt group Wolf tactics and read the sayings of ge yimin to launch attacks on people, the actual role in the Internet is worse than the shandong cult killing incident.
　　A complete brainwashing, no merit, no virtue, at any time to listen to him (ge yimin).
　　I did not expect to see so many ge people today, very surprised.
　　468, dbgh2154548: you will be the bar access dog button
　　The hat of wheel kris then sealed again.
　　"Magic sextant: another repeater. Does the Goethe handicap make you immortal or immortal? Or are you the mentally disabled?
　　It's either a N - fold split or it's a hire.
　　There are too many cult members. I also called the kris, and I don't know if he remembered.
　　Twilight glory: the Chinese sage bar has highlighted many believers of kris
　　However, some people say that half of the original staff are believers of ge yi-min, wow plug, there are wheel, wheel on the province li is a chop, you are also a wall grass fell with the wind. The little cult of kris is actually highly respected here. What's going on here?
　　He said he was god. Yes you read him right he says his god, a man who claims to be god but has no divine power but has believers, I think he must learn the dirty buddhist theory, it should be explained like this, I am god's body, god is my soul, so I am god, so listen to me.   Does this passage sound all right? No, he's got a lot of problems but he's smart enough to keep you from doing anything about him when he dies, which means the only way to prove it is to kill him and see if the sky breaks.
　　Ge hua: the god church of kris does not organize, so it is not a cult
　　"Twilight glow: yes, kris says no to organize, so you believers spontaneously form organizations, and everyone listens to kris.
　　"Kunwu jianxian: what does it mean to advertise yourself without organization? He's a cult leader. He's a swindler.
　　Ge hua: it's just propaganda, but fans can't be counted as an organization.
　　For we consider kris a great vision, "I am god; hear him." To let the whole world know, ge hua works hard to preach on the Internet.
　　State knowledge and disability night: by what means does ge yimin rule
　　The members of your own school?
　　Is it through money or by divine intervention?
　　Of course he was told that he would give hope to those who followed him, and there was a tendency to follow the crowd.
　　Or a violent group is formed with money, through which others are forced to join and bow down.
　　I think there must be a way to rule. For example, today I announced that I joined the church of god, I want to contribute to the development of the religious cause, and the next second I said that I would defeat the sect, so I think there must be something that the country people recognize, otherwise the niko worship god so much.
　　"The dragon in the day _ stem: these two years ge yimin this cult, crazy buy a number, now the country village ni must be that time buy this number. Now when I think about it, the cult begins to be laid out.
　　"Pu yue _ 2: ge yi-min belongs to the ＾wordofgod￣ education, which has two sides, positive and negative.
　　"They think it's a cult. I think it's a made-up thing.
　　Let me first clarify: I have no religious beliefs
　　Believe only in heaven. Have nothing to do with ge ＾wordofgod￣.
　　If I had been taught by ge ＾wordofgod￣, I would have been hit by lightning. If I am falsely accused, I shall suffer the same.
　　The twilight glow: @wound salt ge yi people is you say the son of heaven, you which come of dog face!
　　"Zixi shengkai: you and your eyes of ge yimin no distinction!!
　　"Twilight glory: that media coverage is also the flow of kris, my posts are mostly personal feelings and the news media's big news, you think I am made-up.
　　"Wu is a pipa xian: this small master never infected with anything ge yimin.
　　"The southern fang ziyang: as for ge yimin, from his performance, he is not qualified to be a saint now.
　　Ge hua: ge is the leader of Christian communism.
　　I respect everyone here, including Mr. Kris and all saints.
　　"Ten thousand years of speed of light: also ge yimin, early stare, he dares to take the heresy this step, the evidence gets, immediately arrest the person.
　　"" reference: ge yimin is a sb, play so many years have not seen what achievements, still play all day the energy.
　　>>> wounds salt: actually I think they're tough.
　　They are cool and naturally praise the sky. They are the children of nature.
　　Jesus 9536: is not the true god kris?
　　Twilight glows: why do I call him a cult
　　First, he claimed to be a god. There is no god in human society, only human, god will not exist in human society, if you become god, you will leave human society to god society. "God" is advanced intelligent life appellation is not mysterious, and claim to be god is one of the unification of the cult practices, beyond the above you, you break your equal relationship and make your yield, GeYiMin believers say are completely obey GeYiMin, this is a cult, establish hierarchy and absolute power and discourse, and the divine right of way to make you completely obey him to listen to the letter.
　　Second, believers of kris said that they have no organization, fans are different from believers, they are just promoting kris' thoughts.   I give you a good long line of this one of the tricks!   First of all, fans and believers are just different names of worshipers in different fields. They are exactly the same in nature. Worshippers are the highest status, and they are crazy about worshipers' every move. Second, they say there is no organization, there is no organization of believers but the widespread propaganda exactly the same words, you have telepathy? You know what each other thinks? That's enough. You can say something so stupid. Finally, believers in kris say it's propaganda, and let's see what they do: listen to him.   His idea was to make everyone listen to him unconditionally because he was a god.   I really can't understand why people believe such nonsense.
　　Third, some people say that kris is right.   Let me dissect the ideas of cults for you. They do say things that are true and reasonable. Who wouldn't you ask? Who wouldn't?   And then by this insinuation you think of him as a good person and a person you can trust. Every cult have such a constant theorem, and the next is the purpose of the cult, what do you think what he said makes sense, he is a good man, and then you put your modesty and eagerness to learn good quality took out to your parents why not so positive, he became a teacher, you become students is the relationship between students and teachers teach, teach. So you did what he said without any independent thought.   When he says that he is short of money, you will immediately raise money; when he says that he is short of women, you will immediately die, for there is no ill will to you in the need of a good man. This!!!! The ultimate goal of the cult! By following through, you give full credit to your ultimate goal.
　　We see that kris is listening to his ideas because he is right.   I want to ask my friends if the knowledge you learned in school is not "the progress of human beings is advancing in the constant questioning and practice", which is one of the biggest weaknesses of the cult. Question!!! See clearly and remember that skepticism, the cult's greatest fear of questioning will suppress your questioning thoughts, and you will become as dead as a corpse.
　　474, a small pencil case 瘧 : GeYiMin, this is the religious revelation
　　If I could give you a little bit of an overview.
　　Is the religion of revelation appropriate to contemporary China?
　　"Ge hua: we see the world.
　　"Little pencil case 瘧 : mantra: I am god, listen to him (GeYiMin).
　　It can be seen that kris is not a god, but a spiritual medium at most.
　　"Ge hua: everyone listen to ge yimin, not god?
　　475, a small pencil case 瘧 : GeYiMin reveal how people way of eternal life?
　　How does one witness his own "immortality"?
　　"Ge hua: dust - spiritual - eternal life.
　　God and technology.
　　"" a small pencil case 瘧 : how did the original poster? What is tao?
　　"Ge hua: the spread of the Internet, that is, faith in god's spiritual eternal life.
　　"Little pencil case 瘧 : can't let GeYiMin in China again development bottom go to,
　　Such a variety of religions is not conducive to the wisdom of the people -- the Chinese people have suffered so much.
　　We should get rid of the fetters of religion.
　　To know the noumenon of truth (immaterial and impersonal) rather than personified...
　　476. Piers z: great star of the Chinese sage bar
　　GeYiMin
　　The ＾wordofgod￣
　　Question 1. Is ge yimin a person?
　　Question 2. Is kris a god?
　　Question 3. Is kris a man or a god?
　　Why not bring in the big stars?
　　Hold red, big star eats meat, we drink soup, beautiful many many good!
　　"Ge hua: ge is a perfect person and a perfect god.
　　Truth: believe in the god of kris.
　　Whistleblower 1998: if kris doesn't launch a pack of Wolf attacks
　　I don't think they're too vicious. If they convince others by reasoning, they will have room for discussion, not conflict. The true sage speaks with function and virtue, and then produces theory, which is not a pyramid cult at all.
　　You don't want to see him publish two books, there are a few people in a crowd, in fact, just a heap of rotten goods.
　　It's not a bad person to be in the limelight and "full of passion" for your knowledge and expect everyone to learn from him. After all, teaching others what you are satisfied with is contribution. Although it is not good to force others to accept it, it is just a wrong way of teaching, not a bad one. Many parents force their children to accept it.
　　"Ge hua: the Gospel of violence.
　　Fairy head: find some information about kris
　　Knowing that ge is really excellent, maybe everyone has been taken advantage of.
　　Now it is clear that many of the best articles in baidu's holy bar that praise god's true holy are from kris.
　　Hezheng1006: religious beliefs are crazy, and people who lived in 17th century Spain would be burned to the ground.
　　"Ge hua: come back to life.
　　The jade of white crystal: it is you ge shi a pulse
　　No matter who mention it, you will collect whatever you say.
　　"Fire diamond man 0: really worthy of the ＾wordofgod￣ of the real ＾wordofgod￣ disease, abbreviation" true god ", ge yimin, is a real ＾wordofgod￣ disease, all into a robot!
　　"Tianshu 72: ge lunatic is the autumn after the grasshopper to jump in a few days, just concluded the two sessions, clearly indicated that this year from the severe attack terrorism and evil cult. Don't you always want to go to jail, maybe you'll be satisfied, and all your flowers will be together. When the time comes, tanaka will give you a poem to accompany you.
　　"Tanaka: my sayings have been collected by them, these people are really weird.
　　"The diamond of fire 0: no matter how splendid your coat to wrap oneself, all can not escape the diamond of the eyes, the evil heart, corrupt orthodox Christianity, corrupt god's majesty, remember this sentence: you are the diamond of the future combat object!
　　"Tianshu 72: @kaoyimin [god hanging sier] then I ask you, your ＾wordofgod￣, you said, is Christianity plus communism. Christianity has been around for thousands of years, and its teachings tend to mature. Communism also has a history of a hundred years, and the theory is very mature. You also feel good, add Christianity and communism together, become you of creed, you are whether be everybody silly, still yourself silly. What's the difference between you and a thief? It's like you're carrying something from one person to the other. After telling others that these two things are your own, is it different from a thief? I need your explanation.
　　"Kao yi-min: I develop because god has unlimited truth.
　　Tianshu 72: ge yi-min, if using the concept of religion
　　The soul of man is immortal, using you to deceive. Believe you for eternal life, I believe you're going to hell.
　　"Ge yimin: there is no evidence for the immortality of the soul, there is evidence for the immortality of the body, but science is approaching immortality.
　　The jade of white crystal: what can dream do?
　　Which country are you from? What area? How also have the body of say??? The mesmerize of the body, the temptation can not be serious!!!!
　　Guess you were fooled by the possessed spirits. Poor thing.
　　>>> kris: a dream from god, an act of god.
　　"Listen to him." the five words only appear when god speaks to Moses, Jesus, and kris.
　　Native of zhenjiang, jiangsu province. It's not attached, it's a dream, Christian context.
　　"The jade of white crystal: with what? Why listen to them? What do they say?
　　The dream is also a fantasy, Buddhism said to break all the illusion.
　　"Ge yimin: listen to all their scripture. Dreams have visions, dreams that are different, dreams that have strong directivity.
　　"Jade of white crystal: identify, what is the standard that distinguishes satan?
　　We think of satan as a tool of god to test human spiritual immortality in order to be with god.
　　Tianshu 72: ge yimin, finish reading your ＾wordofgod￣
　　To find out where you're lying. After I read what you said about the economy, I almost didn't laugh. That's the opinion expressed by online experts. I also asked you to move to become your opinion. This level also comes out to cheat, you are not want to learn lun zi, the Chinese people on a lun zi when, fool on the second time. That's why you have so little green flowers.
　　"Ge yimin: ideas are inherited, marxism also has three sources, I am development.
　　The thing that makes me most indignant, end ＾wordofgod￣ write, believe him to be a god, the person that follow him hereafter (be ge hua people), all will practice sexual freedom, the road set up black room, any time any where with any person, carry on sex X. You can do it on the road if you like. You call it liberation of nature, sexual liberation.
　　"Ge yimin: the famous 66, you did not think to this state.
　　"Tianshu 72: why do I say you are shoe to teach, because you have shoe to teach character, American big true in teach, Japan ao mu true reason teach, without exception, it is to sing sexual freedom, the teacher has dozens of individual character companion, was destroyed by the United States Japan. Why do I say that your flowers and those who admire you are adulterers? The reason is very simple. Your neuroticism is Christianity plus communism. You have to believe in Christianity and you have to believe in communism. The only thing that appeals to them is your sexual freedom. Is it not enough to say that those who believe in you and those who admire you are adulterers?
　　"Ge yimin: we discuss the ultimate human form, must not affect the third party's absolute freedom.
　　Godhead: kris, compared to the bible
　　Your essay may not be anything; And compared with this land which has been lacking in social morality and love, your words stand out as precious.
　　It is estimated that you have been restricted to leave the border, otherwise you should choose to develop abroad, you must be better than the wheels!
　　Everything about you is under somebody's control. You're surrounded by people.
　　Jade of white crystal: I have seen ge yimin serial number many times
　　All the propaganda in st bar has been banned and suppressed. I don't know what it does. He is known to be particularly active in promoting himself.
　　Such people are all diaosi in my eyes.
　　Although their self-praise is laughable, but they dare to face their own heart, they worship god, they think they are god, they also speak out. They have no pretense to cover up their real thoughts.
　　The open is not dark.
　　"The diamond of fire 0: China because there is no such thing, just have the evil cult small group of people like ge!
　　Jade of white crystal: kris, feel, you god - making ＾wordofgod￣
　　Christianity, the bible.
　　Alas, in general, it is a change of some kind.
　　I know why there is no network force-out you.
　　Because there really isn't much harm.
　　Just with Christianity and Islam, there may be conflict.
　　They were praising the ancients Jesus. You are glorifying yourself, but the actual essence is self-praise and braggadocio.
　　And I don't care if you make new gods or use the old Jesus to do your own ambition, no matter which one of you
　　In the name of god, using a trumpet or looking down on animals is outrageous.
　　The world does not need a god.
　　What is needed is that everyone is worthy of their own heart, conscience, heart.
　　If you like to blow off the beast,
　　If you admire animal sex from the bottom of your heart, then you have nurtured you into beasts.
　　Go, then, and be beasts.
　　If you don't want to be human and like to dream then you can die and stay with your dreams and moods every day.
　　Thirty - seven article: the theory of ge yi-min to beat east and west
　　With no empirical experience, they are just fishing for prestige.
　　Let you tens of thousands of fans, the so-called ideas, but digging the graves of predecessors to build their own houses.
　　"Fairy wish: philosophy is great again, even the master of ge has come back.
　　"Revealed by 1998: ge is a fake pyramid - selling cult.
　　"Run pier z: ge yimin ignore him, you more scold him he more happy.
　　The small cult group headed by ge yimin
　　To trumpet the ＾wordofgod￣, the diamond man felt it was ＾wordofgod￣, but he could not stop it.
　　"Flower monk ping qing sheng: ge yimin that stop pen think famous, make a lot of small counter-string black oneself, now dare offend green teach, smile see that stop pen head land.
　　Your ya is the small of ge niubi, you ya ya not want to prove oneself is a saint? Dare to tear the scripture of the imam in your place, and tear it to your face.
　　"Ge hua: ge shen is not mu hei.
　　There is a dream ing: gerna is a name grab by fair means
　　No matter how people laughed at him, he thought it was a publicity stunt.
　　"Ge hua: that's the way the Internet is.
　　"" ing has a dream: in the hearts of Internet users are also a pole said, can distinguish between right and wrong, so some practices only make everyone laugh.
　　"Ge hua: but the Gospel spread after all.
　　"Has a dream ing: like saying what" you have to believe in him "is too childish to ask why people should believe in him?
　　"Ge hua: this is the Gospel, do not believe, as long as you know.
　　I laughed at ge yi people, I also read what people write I just qualified.
　　Ge yimin, a well-known figure in the saint humanity forum
　　Is also a notorious figure, in recent years by the opportunistic means of the Chinese saint bar and the Chinese saint bar as the main st. human pasting bar, to propagandize "ge yi people is god" and its self-edited, directed and performed "＾wordofgod￣" as their own responsibility, by the majority of the saint pasting bar friends know! Recently, especially by the Chinese sage bar friends who know!
　　Today's huaxia bar is in an ungoverned state due to the complaint of its original owner. A small group of cults led by the people of kaoyi-min has infiltrated here to promote "kaoyi-min is god" and "the ＾wordofgod￣". In the ＾wordofgod￣, ge yimin used beautification means to present himself as a superior god, and plagiarized Christian and communist thoughts into a combination of Christian and communist thoughts to serve his Wolf ambition!
　　In today's day of increasingly precise and rigorous scientific development, ge yimin openly preaches that he is a god, pretends to be a ghost, deceives the world, advocates sexual freedom in the ＾wordofgod￣, and pretends to make use of the traditional Chinese figure of pushback's prophecy about the saint of crape myrtle to declare to be the king of the world by 2019!
　　Based on the realistic consideration, I think every man may have an emperor dream in his heart, because being an emperor can have a river, a beauty and wealth! The difference is that most men just fantasize about it, while ge yimin committed the crime through a small organized group, and finally realized the evil purpose of cheating the fame, money and sex by trumpeting his "＾wordofgod￣" to serve his ambition.
　　In the orthodox Christian bible, Jesus, the founder of Christianity, is only the son of god, while kris achieves his goal of controlling the heart by advocating "kris is god". This is a blatant violation of orthodox Christianity, of Jesus Christ, and of god!
　　Kris advocates sexual freedom, which is a flagrant violation of the dignity and rights of women and a flagrant provocation of social morality! This is not only the violation of the monogamy system advocated by orthodox Christianity, but also the violation of the current legal system of monogamy marriage system! The Wolf's ambition was as clear as day!
　　In today's China, there are still many small cult groups that are offline secret activities in reality, while the small cult groups of kris people are online activities on the Internet, which may be even more harmful. Their organizations are relatively hidden! Today's Internet users are very many, especially the majority of teenagers, many teenagers are not involved in the world, very easy to be deceived, infiltrated buy! This is enough to corrupt the hearts of the world!
　　Therefore, I suggest that the management team should impose a permanent ban on their size and ID, and contact the Internet police to pursue their relevant responsibilities, so as to uphold the world, and restore a harmonious and civilized communication environment in st bar!
　　Little housekeeper of baidu post bar is applying for the master of Chinese sage bar.
　　"Kay-yee people: own god son, with Jesus.
　　No organization, just propaganda, so it is not a cult.
　　Sexual freedom is a vision of the future of society.
　　Whistleblower 1998: I think ge is the biggest cult on the web
　　Look at the self-glorification of kris, the proof of that man, the vicious dog attack, the pyramid scheme, that's a cult.
　　"From the dock z: ge is a man, not a god. Man becomes god after he dies.
　　Jesus 9536: praise god kris
　　"Fire diamond 0: the most important strikes against ge!
　　After all, I am also an old member here, the most intolerable ge yimin cult small group to trumpet the ＾wordofgod￣ cult!
　　Ge shen cudgel is just a clown jumping beam, ugly people do more.
　　Jesus 9536: why do you appear as soon as you have your name?
　　Because "god" is everywhere.
　　Jesus 9536: and it is true that kris is the true god.
　　The transitory vicissitudes: the god of ge yi people is just the slave of the Lord on crape myrtle
　　Three strands of four strings 5, 3 and 3 of 9,4 and 4 of 16, 9 plus 16 is 5 and 5 of 25.
　　The earth rotates 360 degrees, and the square root is 129600 degrees =360 days =1 year.
　　The earth goes around 360 days, and the square is 129,600 days =360 years.
　　Hook for rotation, shares for revolution. The hook squared is the string squared. So the square of the string is 1+360=361.
　　So the string number 19, 19 times 19 is 361.
　　The hook is equal to the rotation of the earth, the unit is equal to the revolution of the earth, and the string number 19 is a leap month, seven leap months every 19 years. And ge yimin belongs to the seventh leap of 19 years, that is, 19 times 19 is equal to 361. Therefore, the clothes brand of ge yimin god is 361, which means he is still among the number, so he can only be the slave of the master of crape myrtle.
　　Because the host of crape myrtle has surpassed the number. And although gei people god is got 361 of whole number brand, be pure body became, but do not forget crape myrtle Lord is superbody. Therefore, the god of ge yimin is the slave of the Lord on crape myrtle. Ge is the people, ziwei is the Lord, the relationship between the people and the Lord is democracy. Therefore, ge is the people of the kingdom of crape myrtle, do not blindly worship, we continue to wait for crape myrtle Lord it. He who believes in god is happier than he who believes in god.
　　Goh, wearing clothes from the 361 brand, proved his identity as string. But what we do know is that modern science understands that truth is not just a string, truth must be superstring. Now scientists are working on superstring theory. Because the string is only for the people, it is not the Lord, the Lord must be superstring.
　　Think it over. The spin hook is vertical, the spin stock is horizontal, and the leap string is oblique. The 361 brand belongs to the string. But 19 years seven leap month is not exactly the truth, after all the truth he does not belong to the number, row 19 years seven leap month is just generally calculated, ziwei Lord he does not belong to the number. God doesn't play dice. 361 is the people, and passing 361 is the Lord. The whole and the superbody. Therefore, in a democratic relationship, the leader of crape myrtle is the master, and kris is ge min. Remember his clothing brand 361,361 is the first class good people oh.
　　Four spirits in legend: kris, Hitler was one hundred thousand Wallace better than he was
　　At least he really did have a head of state and he started the second world war and he did very well in the first three years, and the kao shou didn't do anything but hide out in the cyber world and play a cult.
　　"Question mark is not know: ge's posts are basically mechanical posts, ignore them.
　　I think ge's army and stick are the best.
　　"Question mark is not known: a similar situation has occurred, basically ge jun's mechanical Posting to wear the base stick to the ground.
　　Eternal DE country: what the hell is that guy? A new cult?
　　"Yao123456260: god ge is really so fierce ah, basic religion all common but they?
　　"The question mark is not known: is ge yimin, who created the improved version of Christianity, the eldest son of the lotus flower diao diao?
　　It is not like the problems, mechanical Posting, continuous use of ge jing copy and paste, no one can bear.
　　Obey your desires: how about kris, let him die first and then rise again?
　　It's a rite of passage.
　　Dragon meat-eating: gym is god, god, the most powerful starcraft ii player in history. (multi-line operation theory)
　　Minecrafth: the saint of the stick.
　　"An optimistic water kirin: Christian communism is not ge's original, it should have been before communism, it is similar to the concept of communism (no exploitative society, heaven, utopia) and the combination of Christianity, extreme theory is terrible!
　　"Ge yi-min: communism was first proposed by Christian theologians. Communism, as a doctrine, was first established by Christian theologians, and the concepts of "distribution according to work, distribution according to need" were first put forward by these theologians.
　　Leshan 2017: friends, be careful when you see these posts
　　I am god, you listen to it, it refers to XXX.
　　Because these pasting commit big cause and effect. Through the cloud, "said that the holy, the great foolish speech into a prison." So don't watch. Go away. If the slightest cause and effect is to be committed at a glance. Would anyone say it was that serious? Yes, very serious!
　　They repeat the message from hell over and over, and over and over again, they plant it into your consciousness, which is to tear your divine knowledge down into hell.
　　"You look happy: these words behind the devil information, in fact is attached to the devil and ghost, ordinary people read it is attached.
　　"Le shan 2017: you think it is god or you are god and commit big cause and effect! All in hell.
　　Three leaves force: ge is not
　　Schizophrenia has developed a personality called kudhua,
　　Or is ge hua the tulpa of ge yimin.
　　"Ge yimin: 7. Ge hua: people who recognize the god of ge yimin, namely, the godsman and the member of god.
　　Ge hua -- the flower of ge yi people ----- ge yi people open flowers, fruit.
　　I believe in kris.
　　Fjl180902: who is kris, who is kris all day long
　　Between Christ and communism, not even the basics, it's still pretty well known on the Internet (perhaps pretending to be famous).
　　Jesus 9536: kris, Jesus is a diaosi
　　It's the bible, after all, it's not jamey's ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"Octopus noodles: what the hell is going on, black or holding?
　　"-- ID yao xiao4: but it's true.
　　"A small pencil case 瘧 : GeYiMin is organization.
　　That's it.
　　Stop pestering them.
　　"Transition sea: you silly, he is a Hong Kong independence element.
　　"A small pencil case 瘧 : have a good look at him again.
　　498, rabbit right pet group clown: these days how always have ge yi people
　　I don't agree with you.
　　There are still two years to go before the stupid B of kris gets out. There is no need to give him publicity now.
　　The nightmare of power and grandeur: ge is a cheater who claims to be a god to cheat money.
　　"Tanaka: in ge's little shoes and feet group, I also saw the light of humanity.
　　"Oriental wolong j20: and kris.
　　499, onxy: ge yimin, the leader of the heretic who commits the most heinous crimes!
　　Let god arrange for an angel to stone him, just as the bible does for those who were formerly impure by sin.
　　"" Α mu alpha rho ? lambda lambda ι ?: I thing" ＾wordofgod￣ "true fans.
　　Master ge's holy deeds at the age of three are admirable.
　　"270959228: ge is the only god.
　　Clothes are a drag: why does he have a brain? "I don't worship idols," kris said without faxing. "I only know that I am a great man in the name of god.
　　500, difficult wave tianma: ge yi people, please prepare well thought
　　This life, or should be the bottom life out of the day.
　　Either they go to jail and the state takes care of the rest of their lives.
　　Just you crooked jujubes with a small brush "prestige" to match "incident"? !
　　Ha ha.
　　Clothing is a white elephant: then don't believe he can live forever?
　　This is a man called kris, who is a monkey, who preaches more than he is literate?
　　501, difficult wave tianma: ge yimin, poor diaosi. Really is a god
　　Direct casting allows everyone to believe. You have no power and no money to buy hearts. Expect to pretend god to mix money, this makes everybody laugh off big teeth.
　　Prick silk! Use post bar for publicity? Poor prick silk!
　　By the way, even those who quit sex are better off. Other people have money to do advertisement to make an organization.
　　If you're a diaosi, you can only post sermons at 2 bar.
　　Even the construction of cults failed. What can you do?
　　Brother, do you have to be professional to cheat money these days?
　　> > > > Jesus did not cast spells directly.
　　502, Dao M500S: here does not welcome ge teenager
　　Robert hooke: kris didn't have deng's face.
　　"" TTKMRS: no. I don't know what he wants to do.
　　"Ba shan yuehai: Paul crucified on his back, how should this people die?
　　"Ge hua: in 2019, god ge is king -- eternal life.
　　503. Sword trial, rose: what is the terrier of kris?
　　"Kokievrior: I hear it's called ziwei saint.
　　The soul of a lobster with dragon veins: who the hell is this man?
　　Phenological symptoms: a mixture of Internet cults.
　　TTKMRS: what did he tell you about the knowledge available?
　　He is called god. He recruited a lot of ge hua to advertise himself as god for him. He not only pretended to be a ghost, but also advocated sexual freedom.
　　Clothes are a drag: can he do miracles? He's completely clean?
　　Clothes are a burden: kris, what does it mean that he has written a vision book
　　Does that mean he's complete? What about the ten commandments of Moses where the sorcerers are read?
　　Just having a dream is called a vision.
　　I won't listen to the kris, but what god says is no counting.
　　It is obviously idolatry still do not admit.
　　"Ge hua: as is Jesus, so is kris.
　　"Clothing is encumbrance: point B face, please, give glory to the Lord Jesus, that GeYiMin do not out of the glory of the Lord, not only has all the sinful desires to denigrate into god said, it is smelly shameless, look at his own doing B B book, everything is proved his intention, distortion in bible Jesus have to do is stay sin, and so GeYiMin? What Jesus wants to do is to wash away sin so that people can enter the kingdom of god and preach and debate everywhere. If you ask him to go to the public platform and preach, see what christians say.
　　"Ge hua: ge yimin finished the unfinished work of Jesus and brought the kingdom times.
　　505, 79169716: ge yimin, why don't you go to America
　　The Middle East propaganda, fake love really cheat.
　　"Leaf small public an will: I leaf Yang can build continental shelf you can.
　　"Ge yimin: my singularity explodes new universe again.
　　"One day in the world, : ge has become a sinner.
　　Sbtoken: grace may be a godmother but she's a good politician!
　　I'll support it if I get on stage!
　　506, XM02: ge yimin sleeping on brushwood and tasting gall is a typical example
　　Through sleeping on brushwood and tasting gall, ge yi-min realized the infinity of his will and achieved extraordinary success.
　　507, 270959228: shenguo capital: zhenjiang, jiangsu province
　　> > st time: god?
　　"" the cloud is shaking qing shan: why every other three bad five somebody water ge ＾wordofgod￣?
　　Don't push it, the silly B of kris will not be released until 2019.
　　Look back and forth: kris had seen a little of his stuff before
　　But it doesn't go too far. Too much is said about the connection between communism and Christianity.
　　"Angry young man C: there are so many self-proclaimed saints on the Internet, look at the previous what zheng kui fei, ge yimin and so on that more than ten trampoline clown, disgusting dead! If the true saint dare to come out and call himself a saint, I will be the first to curse him to death, the world is not disorderly, you are out to make trouble?
　　509, super super clothes 520: ge yimin, I do not believe you are a fan of ghosts and monsters
　　More than Jesus.
　　You are a fool in the mainland.
　　Don't fool people like you. Why don't you go to the Vatican to be Pope? Why don't you fool people? Why don't you tell your grandparents to live forever.
　　I don't know where I am.
　　"Yixing nature: please pay attention to the following several cult people dorje qiang Buddha iii ge yimin soul FA gate discovered please delete in time.
　　510, yao123456260: and after Jesus hung up
　　The christians say Jesus is coming, they rush to die, and the message that Jesus is coming is still there for 2,000 years.
　　"East ten fifteen ding mu: come, come, actually be ge yimin.
　　"Yao123456260: no, kris has a wife and children.
　　It doesn't look like it.
　　511, aomei: ge yimin, regardless of 2019 true or false
　　Your clarity of the bible has won the hearts of christians, your commitment to faith, perseverance, and conviction.
　　Dr. Gerald: ahhh.
　　512, angels of the seven Wa: great GeYiMin true god
　　"Watch the us TV series every day: every time this building Lord comes, I will close down, he recruit ge cult in the bar.
　　He believed in Christ.
　　"Death penalty: you can get off the cross, well, more than Jesus, yes.
　　Public star: co-seeker, kris gym
　　The gym god
　　Countless tieba, in this tieba countless civilized human ＾wordofgod￣s, hundreds of religious believers, in the ＾wordofgod￣ to meet this repeater. If you have ever encountered or produced an elegant creation of this god, please contact us:
　　Buzz. gegod.com
　　The misty rain as flowers said, "ge yimin, anyone give him a gun
　　Can he ward off bullets with what is called divine power? Oh, for god's sake.
　　In these eyes only revealed the stagnation, numbness, cowardice. How dare there be cowards who follow him as god, what power can there be?
　　Christianity comes from the west. The subconsciousness is with the characteristics of capitalism. We must turn the teaching with the characteristics of capitalism into communism. So there's not a lot of people hanging around and there's no nutritional theology.
　　Nothing practical will make a big storm. And it goes around, you know, getting yelled at and being famous is a skill.
　　Soviet advance: is kudzu a robot?
　　Superstitious ideas were promoted in the various communist bars.
　　"Xiao long 5561: ge yimin big diaosi, his theory is not good.
　　"Leko16: sooner or later such people are harmonized.
　　You just need to be popular
　　I think!
　　You say it like the devil in the bible.
　　Bad wiki: it is not hard to see from "the ＾wordofgod￣s" written by ge yimin
　　The ultimate goal of kris is to establish a cult like the cullen force, to amass wealth and lust. This kind of social scum is bound to cause even greater loss to the society than the slaughter of the mother. Welcome to join the god music group "god god 3952795" against god stick, you have me.
　　"Weak voice Chloe: ah ah looked at the ＾wordofgod￣ after the brain upgrade of my bureau!
　　"(tian suoji) : communism was born to reject religion, and the embrace of the thigh is dead.
　　"Chuangji: learn from kris!
　　"TV chef: China ge hua has a D sister.
　　Chatting record of kris god group 20170422
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 16:53:10
　　This mindset is an important reason why ge is different from other Internet philosophers
　　Ge yimin (50914333) 16:53:56
　　I didn't do anything bad. I'm not afraid of being scolded
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 16:53:56
　　And I think that the spirit itself is compatible with the Christian spirit
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 16:54:20
　　You publicly promote promiscuity
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 16:54:26
　　You think that's not a bad thing?
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 16:54:40
　　Jesus was greatly abused when he was alive
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 16:55:23
　　The problem is that Jesus has disciples
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 16:55:40
　　The Christian prophet himself has a buff who is not afraid of abuse/prohibition
　　Y sister 16:55:45 (1145143300)
　　A sense of vision! A sense of vision! The ＾wordofgod￣! The ＾wordofgod￣! The ＾wordofgod￣! Yeah!
　　Ge yimin (50914333) 16:55:47
　　Sexual freedom is a way of life, not a bad thing, see 66
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 16:55:48
　　Look carefully at his thoughts
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 16:55:58
　　Think like a diaosi
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 16:56:12
　　Support promiscuity
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 16:57:24
　　Do you dare to tell your wife that you have a divine religion?
　　Ge yimin (50914333) 16:57:58
　　Apostolic splendor, divine overseer, all in the ＾wordofgod￣s
　　Chapter 23 the testimony of saints
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 16:58:27
　　Still the original text must be taken
　　16:59:39 Fei cui (1016526136)
　　I honestly haven't seen the full ＾wordofgod￣ yet
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:01:10
　　It was better to read the text, but the disciples didn't seem to want to
　　Lyt444 @sanye force (1047756901) 17:01:22
　　That doesn't change your identity
　　Lyt444 @sanye force (1047756901) 17:01:33
　　You have a very strong mind
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:01:52
　　Your miracles are all done in a dream
　　Ge yimin (50914333) 17:02:08
　　Anyone can say anything anyone says on the Internet. A pig butcher, it can be said that Einstein did not understand science; A little bastard can call Jesus an idiot, and stand up straight.
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:02:11
　　Can you actually walk on water?
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:02:27
　　If there is a real need for popularity, it should be the most acceptable part of the propaganda
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:03:14
　　So my conclusion
　　He doesn't seem to care as much as he says
　　Seems to believe that one day a large group of people will dig him up again and worship him
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:04:27
　　But Jesus had Paul
　　17:04:34 Fei cui (1016526136)
　　Isn't that gym trumpet?
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:04:42
　　This is the key to the preservation of Jesus' teachings
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:05:20
　　And I don't really have a problem with kudzu
　　Because he's so much cuter than any of those true heresies
　　Y sister 17:05:51 (1145143300)
　　Let goshen become an idol!
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:05:55
　　Ge is a mildly mentally handicapped person
　　17:05:57 Fei cui (1016526136)
　　The gym is a little bit better
　　Lyt444 @sanye force (1047756901) 17:06:10
　　But I haven't really done anything bad
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:06:13
　　Don't really turn a small group of harmless people into aggressive believers
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:06:27
　　There was only one person from the beginning to the end
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:07:11
　　It's not going to change after all
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:07:16
　　Although ge yi people did not do what evil
　　Sanye force (1047756901) 17:07:25
　　But it doesn't change that he's mentally retarded
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:09:55
　　I just want to explain some of the motives of the gym
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:11:06
　　Kris did read the bible, but he only took the dross
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:11:14
　　Like spiritual victory
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:11:26
　　And then in the ＾wordofgod￣s that he wrote
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:11:38
　　You can see he's writing in imitation of the bible
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:11:44
　　Considering your context, I agree with this conclusion
　　Sister W (Linda lee) (2426583659) 17:12:02
　　Mr. Ge is not like creating a religion
　　Sister W (Linda lee) (2426583659) 17:12:12
　　Spread the word
　　Lyt444 @sanye force (1047756901) 17:12:18
　　The problem is if you think of the bible as fiction
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:12:26
　　The biblical story is actually pretty good
　　Sister W (Linda lee) (2426583659) 17:12:31
　　I agreed with miss ge
　　Sister W (Linda lee) (2426583659) 17:12:35
　　Institute of sexual intercourse
　　Lyt444 @sanye force (1047756901) 17:12:47
　　The ＾wordofgod￣s except the ones that record the gym hair
　　Sister W (Linda lee) (2426583659) 17:12:49
　　Support miss ge!
　　Sister W (Linda lee) (2426583659) 17:12:53
　　Teacher ge plank!
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:13:07
　　The old testament, to some extent, is the book of the Chronicles of the jews
　　Ge yimin (50914333) 17:13:44
　　Sister W, you are only 15
　　Lyt444 @sanye force (1047756901) 17:13:50
　　＾wordofgod￣ also recorded the netizen's abuse
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:14:01
　　That's the grass
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:14:17
　　The gospels actually contain a lot of controversy
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:14:26
　　Arguments are not the same as name-calling
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:14:32
　　The gym is copy-and-paste
　　Ge yimin (50914333) 17:14:35
　　This is history
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:14:41
　　It's what people call him
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:14:44
　　So I agree: it's a parody of the bible
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:14:45
　　He just pasted it
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:14:53
　　As to the degree of imitation
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:14:53
　　I also support the imitation of the bible
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:15:07
　　You can tell by his style
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:15:56
　　I don't want to be a ＾wordofgod￣ agent
　　17:16:31 Fei cui (1016526136)
　　How do Christianity and communism mix
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:16:50
　　Ge probably did not understand the meaning of these two words
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:16:55
　　I want to go to the TV station, too. But, communist party, don't want me.
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:16:56
　　This can refer to liberation theology in South America
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:16:58
　　He said it himself
　　K: 17:17:07 (2358772305)
　　Nor is jiang meidu a mixture of christianism and Confucianism
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:17:10
　　It can be seen that he has only been a registered communist party
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:17:19
　　He never looked at marengji
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:17:20
　　I doubt if he understands
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:17:39
　　Plain nationalism is good
　　Sky kuixing called bao yi song jiang (2902818831) 17:17:53
　　Although mozi was labeled as "obscure" by the taoists, he thought his idea had good practicality
　　And yet my ＾wordofgod￣s feel like...
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:19:01
　　The ＾wordofgod￣ is really the ＾wordofgod￣ recording the hair of kris
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:19:11
　　Like to drink urine
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:19:17
　　Pick a cactus
　　Lyt444 @ sanye force (1047756901) 17:19:23
　　Meaning fornication in
　　K: 17:19:48 (2358772305)
　　God ge is called jekyll syzygy
　　K: 17:20:05 (2358772305)
　　The role of gc doctrine is similar to that of state Shinto
　　17:20:15 Fei cui (1016526136)
　　Communism is propaganda
　　17:20:36 Fei cui (1016526136)
　　Of human subjective value
　　17:20:49 Fei cui (1016526136)
　　These two things contradict each other
　　17:21:17 Fei cui (1016526136)
　　How is that possible
　　Ge yimin (50914333) 17:22:46
　　Communism, as a doctrine, was first established by Christian theologians, and the concepts of "distribution according to work, distribution according to need" were first put forward by these theologians.
　　K: 17:23:26 (2358772305)
　　God ge should believe in zoroastrianism
　　K: 17:23:58 (2358772305)
　　The Mazda movement
　　Ge yimin (50914333) 17:24:08
　　Sister K, I'm a teacher
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:37:28
　　I think it is the first step to make the gym clear about some problems
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:37:46
　　It might as well be stupid
　　Hailar ice cream (919799824) 17:38:04
　　It's called fun sustainability
　　TV kitchen (2586567034) 17:38:05
　　Sister K, I teach and I teach.
　　BLLH < miyamotomiyoko@qq.com > 17:38:08
　　If the cult Are we all in jail?
　　518, サ イ キ イ : could you tell me what you do when establishing GeYiMin ideology?
　　"Ge yimin: 2004 book of ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"> million weifei news: read ge yimin's book" ＾wordofgod￣ "!   I come quickly to fight evil.
　　Light ai dream: why should he believe him without sacrificing himself?
　　A sea of smiles: gei people, you are a god, a garbage god
　　If you are Chinese, you must be a scum. The appraisal is over.
　　"Light ai dream: how can we see ge yimin everywhere, he really super god?
　　Mandchouria: wrote a book called ＾wordofgod￣.
　　"Fjl180902: what the hell is kris? It feels so mysterious.
　　520, survival and dignity: I think teacher jiang in the network philosopher
　　On the road, we should learn from his predecessor, comrade ge yimin. Claims to contemporary financial communist school, Marx theory of force and power or should GeYiMin claim to be the son of god was founded Christian communism, I suggested that he old don't go on zhihu and renren upper route for the development of college students, so keep not to live oneself, but taking the lower line of surrounding the cities from the countryside, anyway, the village people reading less one don't know that financial two don't understand communist, to give them some writing as a child dreamed of Lenin's memoir as a sign to his ministry, perhaps in the new era can be being acclaimed follow villager in the village something. After getting married and having children, people like ge yi-min can also find a high score girl like ye xue who firmly follows him to feed him and help him to promote ge yi-min's "＾wordofgod￣" in the post bar.
　　Landscape show: crape myrtle saint?
　　"Juliet 591: goe yi-min who keeps coming.
　　"Shanshui xiushi: why called ziwei saint.
　　"Juliet 591: he claims it.
　　King adi: gei people were born in bad times
　　If he goes back to ancient times...
　　  black unlined upper garment: ID: GeYiMin
　　Series of ID...
　　Although the villain, but is also an integral part of the development of st bar.
　　"Lai qiuyu apple: French LVNG champion," ge yimin "disdain.
　　523, zql081: cult - "ge yimin, divinity, god, crape myrtle saint, ＾wordofgod￣"
　　"Fly feather drop spring lake: gei people," the sky "does have the loophole, however is not your so hu come," the god "early told us, must fill the day with the nu wa.
　　This is the seal of the saint, this is the seal of the living god, which says "I", "is", "heaven" and "father".
　　Can one become holy and save the world? Can one become god save the world?
　　Remember, "I" is just what first person pronouns are called.
　　"Ge hua: ge yi people is god, himself fill the sky. Dust is spiritual immortality.
　　Practice toad skill: why don't you beat kris
　　This network philosopher! A dark and shameless teacher - class rascal! I have been dreaming of brainwashing my friends.
　　What age is it? It's Lenin! Isn't hair any better than a bastard like ge? Finally, he became the executioner of Chinese history.
　　This IQ can teach students? He should be invited home.
　　Dry it to death.
　　Shameless also to the Chinese saints to call the holy! How could zhenjiang have a dying bastard?
　　"0 xiaoyu lake 0: ge yimin must fly ash smoke out.
　　"936 small cheng: this is a robot, only the whole bar search someone called ge garbage, a pile of small post followed by scold.
　　"Oh: all began to sell books, a group of cattle force, to sell chicken soup for money.
　　Tao in tsing yi shows that ge is the god
　　"Art philosophy monasticism: brother yimin. The name is already clear. "I'm a people, too." You go to his post bar to know.
　　"By nature, it's hard to abandon itself: what joy gales got from psychosexuality female worshipers is the most clear to itself!
　　Ling er married me thirty-six days
　　"Dashagua11001: what is ge yimin? Money cheat expert?? Which country????
　　527. Dashagua11001: what is ge yimin
　　Why don't I know? What's wrong with him? It's worth it.
　　Is ge yimin a beauty? So many chickens.
　　"_Godiswithus: look up this person.
　　I'm embarrassed to see you...
　　Is this person worth discussing?
　　Juliet 591: why don't you kill your whole family, and then die with your kris?
　　Go tries to change: the avatar that emerges from the branch of god
　　From history to modern times
　　Jesus, Buddha, Moses, muhammad, lao-tzu, Confucius, master clearance, kris, Einstein, Newton . A lot.
　　"Fjl180902: what is ge yimin? The dragon is head and tail.
　　"Yesmatterhow: ge is equal to the world's first person in aesthetics.
　　Duke of nightmare: the truth is that kris does not have you
　　Be unknown! You are the ones who will proclaim him!
　　Why don't you say: fengtian carrier,,,,,, ah!
　　"-- exe615: one is doing, wait for others to help you, is not indulging in religious ego to death?
　　When people ask him whether he can make the stone he can not hold, he will learn Christ to say "do not test your god".
　　79169716: don't think it's a good thing. Think of the witch hunt in medieval Europe.
　　530, 79169716: the requirement of all religions is not to be sanctified to the people
　　Kris really should go to his hometown in Israel for 20 years to see if it recognizes you.
　　Go first to the green zone, then to the Vatican, then to the maga, the true religion of the people and not to be sanctified in your home gehua.
　　"Ge hua: god ge is the creator of the religion, god.
　　Imp explosion: the face of god
　　In 2019, god kris descended from heaven and the son will rule the world and bring the world into Christianity and communism.
　　"Eastern wolong j20: the ge yi people ge yi people of, you TMD can't change pattern? !
　　What kind of god is ge yimin? What kind of contribution is there?
　　"Ge hua: 400,000 words of ＾wordofgod￣.
　　"Oriental wolong j20: writing 400,000 words is god? What's a novel writer who writes a million words? What is it that lu xun and others have been striving for decades to enlighten Chinese people's thoughts?
　　"Ge hua: the word of god.
　　"Oriental wolong j20: return god's word, you regard him as god, I do not think. And, since you think he is god, just play by yourselves. Don't bother us.
　　"Ge hua: tell you the good news.
　　Thank you, but I'm an atheist.
　　"Ge hua: so to you.
　　Frozen remembrance: ge ＾wordofgod￣ is probably the best of all cyber-philosophers
　　With a bachelor's degree, a wife, a son, and his own income (albeit a very low one compared to his degree), he is also the most handsome of all Internet philosophers, compared to no other. Zhang jie, in particular, and ge ＾wordofgod￣ a ratio, can literally be broken into slag.
　　"Spinning world 39: your post will be copied by him.
　　"Frozen memories: it will be copied, after all, this man went to college, his brain was broken.
　　Nerdy when young really looks like a little handsome, but is that kind of evil handsome. By contrast, Lin haoze looks like a pig, yu zhicheng and zhang jie look like a dog, Yang Yang looks like a monkey, are only close to the human, not like ge yimin, at least the human face.
　　"Master general leibier: neuropathic with questionable academic credentials, just claimed to have graduated from ntu and then had a diploma.
　　The world's highbrow leader: handsome is also a ＾wordofgod￣.
　　"Silent China: a pyramid scheme man who swindles money, unlike other Internet gurus, may actually know what he's doing.
　　WJQSMXHH: having thick brows and big eyes when ge ＾wordofgod￣ is young
　　Unexpectedly, I became a cult leader.
　　>>> the statue that can think: return what ge people I see you of hair be know he be a god stick, he if saint I eat a ton of xiang stand stick as proof.
　　"Xiao long 5561: ge yimin is a relative of li yanhong.
　　Ge yimin cut off the dialogue on the post bar to ge hua bar. It's really his mother's ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"WINandGO: a god stick, self-proclaimed true god, brain pumping.
　　USSR sang: Christian communism.
　　EA117: this seems to be Christian communism.
　　Olinyic: who is ge yimin????
　　I am god, you all must listen to me.
　　Including kris.
　　"Big sen jun: wait for ge yi people overthrow after the qing dynasty then call god.
　　Juliet: come in, gentlemen
　　I a day not come, stick a bar on a lot of ge yi people no one delete, I as cleaning aunt? When I'm away, the trash goes unhandled. Is satan the only one left?
　　"The radiance from the future: a braggadocio without a draft god is more credible than this. Really no brain.
　　Who is ge yimin?
　　Is it a comparison?? How could anyone worship him?
　　(han peng) (han peng) (han peng) (han peng) (han peng) (han peng) (han peng) (han peng) Also, the "dance memory" written by shutang is also a class 86 students, do not know if god ge know him.
　　"Ge hua: the fourteenth chapter of the nervous system.
　　He is selling junk books
　　He is not god. Do not believe him.
　　"He yuimeng: a relatively sincere psychopath, but he dare not face the reality. He was kicked out with a fit of rage when exposed by a vulgarian, and wondered what he would think if he knew that people around him who looked friendly regarded him as a psychopath. (smile)
　　"Anonymous user: what is disgusting? Is self-detection of gei people's deities considered disgusting?
　　Ancient ways: our leader, chairman kris ge
　　Guide our correct political thought.
　　Chairman ge said that communism is the ultimate result of human development, and all mankind should fight for the communist world! That's what our leader kris kris said.
　　We must follow the guidance of our leader, kris kris, in the struggle to achieve global communism.
　　Our leader ge yimin inherited chairman MAO's ideal to fight for communism for all mankind.
　　To be fair, ge yi-min
　　Grow in normal person also calculate good-looking, still bought book number to give a book, be the highest pretend bility in net zhe.
　　Suspected ge ＾wordofgod￣ to attend the bus book, by chu8 dozen useless brain.
　　"By the laissez-faire and okay: but the least he did, everyone shouted.
　　540, you have been registered: kris has become a leader
　　"2012 no more: you see no.
　　That Yang shuo is just like ge yimin.
　　Cult!
　　Have you seen the photos of Yang shuo and ge yimin???? This guy. You'll be kicked out by the father!!!! No squat at home!
　　Ye sheng: haha ~ kris, you are very brave 
　　But the ＾wordofgod￣ to try to maintain the original oh ~ is not complete I have ever seen you do not know to have access to a word you are brave ^ ^
　　"33 niang happy: ge yi people big sex Wolf will suffer the scourge.
　　Mirror of measure: ge hath called god
　　"A titanium er: no wonder ge shen's stick bar can not be found.
　　"Mirror of balance: he said 2019 as king, xi wants to make way for him.
　　"Won the World Cup 70: with all due respect to chairman MAO, what's behind him?
　　"The mirror of measure: god ge yimin.
　　"A titanium: they are the light of human beings, should unite with gei people god.
　　Nestor: ask the way of the sage to save the world
　　"Ge: communism and immortality.
　　"Dashagua11001: the king of ge yimin also wants to be a teacher. I calculated to him, ge yimin, male, yangshou 63 years, after a few years died. When he died, he went to the king of the hell as a scribe.
　　"Fairy shed dust: big brother, if you had not been black him all the time, I really don't know have such a person... Look how many times you've hacked him, but I was lazy enough to do it.
　　I don't want to create preconceived ideas, and I certainly don't want to find someone I don't know.
　　The eternal dust and light: ge yimin, someone else has fooled
　　"Pike_feng: it seems that one shoe called the boss, but not so famous, only other shoe called the person to come forward to scold him.
　　Grandpa: this man is a god's rod who creates his own evil on the Internet.
　　Dongyou love this person is a believer who is evil to kris.
　　The master sees that the people I circle are your believers and you need to focus on taking care of her and spreading your doctrines of pettiness and pettiness and pettiness to him.
　　Every time someone asks him to show a miracle
　　When he proves that he is a god, he makes a quibble about "the ＾wordofgod￣s" and what he sees in his dreams. Really think (dream) homesick.
　　"USSR sang: Christian communists are in desperate need of green to infuse martial arts.
　　"Yesmatterhow: isn't it because of women? How could other men respect him?
　　The good heart is not always good
　　You believe in god, you believe in love, you believe in compassion, you believe in devotion, you believe in compassion, you believe in devotion, and if you make a communist system out of that, you will lead the people to hell. The "three years of famine", the communist movement across half the globe, and the people's temple in the Guyana forest are all lessons in blood. Now there is a govemite religion again, and want to lead Christianity to the direction of communism.
　　Boli ling clam: ge is actually a very nice person, I think
　　The crisis in the Trojan horse: what a heresy is gerchrist?
　　Moxi's knife: antichrist.
　　"The world looks suspicious: he's a cult, a cult that worships personality and then swindles money. South amida Buddha.
　　"KI20132: Jesus and muhammad would only call themselves" prophets"
　　It was shameful of him to call himself a god.
　　The disabled flutes in the south of the Yangtze river: ge yimin, a Chinese god
　　"BASHURIA: what is ge yimin's slanting theory?
　　Can such scum be compared to Allah as belief?
　　"XM02: unfortunately, ge is defeated on female fans.
　　"Yhxmj2: two earlobes, me too.
　　"I bought a watch last year. I read this man's micro blog.
　　"A lot of avenue: say on the net you heresy how to return a responsibility!
　　Entertainment for chengcheng and cheng cheng: [ge yi-min means -- instilling hype by bullying]
　　He wants to be famous and mad.
　　Every day, the domineering indoctrination, let me think of - hengyuan xiang, sheep sheep.......
　　Bad viki: kris has received a high degree of education
　　And participated in the first year of pingcheng event, can be said to be the progressive youth at that time.
　　"TE shi: does god have sex
　　"(ge yimin)" god has a son
　　Perfect god perfect man
　　See Jesus, Mary magdalene
　　Upgraded civilized person: teacher, is the miracle you said true
　　"(ge yimin)" god and son: a dream different from reality
　　Civilized people: fake it (whispering)
　　"Ge yimin: the vision books are true dreams, the ＾wordofgod￣ deceive oneself why.
　　The free army of MAO's great man: ge yimin, no delusion
　　It's schizophrenia, but it's not in decline. Think oneself is god, want to let others believe him, had never seen so JB crazy dead person.
　　"A1233152: the religion of only one man.
　　"MAO's great man of freedom: 2019 you become President of the United States.
　　Well, 2019 earth's length is yours.
　　The old monk into the arcs: gee-people want to imitate muhan touch DE?
　　By putting the nonsense of medieval great apes into context, you show that you are no more intelligent than li.
　　Hold the claw to look at the tear-eyed: robot, and ge related nine chengdu is a robot.
　　Through v shockwave: who the hell is kris?
　　So many people won't let him off. How much does he owe the rabbit?
　　"To the wind:" saint "? Is the term cheap?
　　"Speculative concept: a god who laughs to death and USES a storybook to self-hype.
　　Malicious wiki: ending the persecution of kris
　　Considering that the person involved in this page has not behaved badly recently, and that:
　　No one persecutes, and has given the position of group manager
　　Therefore, it is not recommended to persecute or have fun recently.
　　>>> god really is true love to D younger sister!
　　They have performed miracles! It's all about magic
　　'the oath of happiness G sheng v yi: the new era of the li hong word, the country does not mind once again cracking down on the evils of cults.
　　I am a Christian and a communist
　　The world of saints is many, the world of cyber philosophy is imposed by others.
　　"Pan ID anti-meat: ge yimin, well is a good subject matter.
　　"The great love sun rain meng: the evil cult all depends on this method dissemination, can only deceive the person who has no culture, on the table!
　　556, 79169716: christians against the Crusades
　　Gertrude has been dissected with respect. Maybe he can go to the Middle East now, but not to Rome.
　　"Ge hua: the solution is the ＾wordofgod￣ (ge yimin).
　　Watching us TV series every day: ge is not a "sect"
　　He has nothing to do with the tao, only a false Christ.
　　The crisis in the Trojan horse: the yellow peril kind of person, only is inferior to the yellow peril.
　　"Not exactly: what are the ** s? It's been years.
　　I am wandering: kris, a cult
　　"Yessor: no organization.
　　I'm floating: demagoguery.
　　"The prince and all: ye snow, are you satan's right? Aren't you tosho? Or do you become ge's communicator?
　　Cool cat: who was born with a vision?
　　"QQ xiaobing: it feels like a vision.
　　"Ge hua D younger sister: ge yimin," QQ xiaobing: the sky has a vision."
　　"Cool cat: who wrote the ＾wordofgod￣, the great Christian communist thought?
　　Truth: I am god. Listen to him. He refers to who?
　　"QQ xiaobing: you have no eyesight, it must be true: you are god.
　　"Cool cat: presumptuous, even god ge do not respect, you need to perform brain upgrades.
　　Let go: kris is the antichrist, not much to talk about
　　"He calls himself Christ, and that's the antichrist."
　　When I say that kris is the antichrist, he doesn't dispute it.
　　According to John one, antichrist means "replace Christ," and anyone who denies that Jesus is Christ, that Jesus is the only son of god, and that Jesus is the incarnation. He calls himself Christ, which is antichrist. More importantly, the biblical term refers to a person, and the above negation is extreme in him. He plays an important role in the end of history.
　　Lingyan 2012: Jesus is out of breath and supports kris
　　"The rat children's shoes of the earth: ge yimin is a cult anti-birch in the skin of religion.
　　"A smile two days blue: who tube?
　　Among all the online philosophers, ge is relatively successful
　　By contrast, chuang-ren farming, zhang yun-jie no career, blue ambition is not successful, silk is only a book. Ge had a permanent job and could be a pioneer of the new world.
　　"The monk black spray: you this ge mi.
　　
　　SellMeng: don't mention its name. It will be read again later.
　　"(shangxian liu shaoxian, henan province) : this is coming.
　　Carried away: you are a false god, the work of satan
　　"Keren2388: savage Jesus taught.
　　"Ancient ways: kris is a god. Worship him.
　　"981155612: diaosi fantasize about being god.
　　Z2: is there a global public trial?
　　Soul, has your divinity improved?
　　You have a breakthrough in your meridians?
　　Anbo tianma: alahuakba!
　　Allahu akbar, what are you?
　　God says there is only one true god, and that is god. You heathen!
　　Do you and your ge god dare to go to green religion area to advertise? Coward! Is that really god? ! Squatting on the net to blow. No fixed income. A dupe who cheats money.
　　"Ge hua: god is the Lord of the world.
　　Warning post: ge is a cult
　　Ge yimin early active in the Chinese saint post bar, and a large number of posts, recently appeared again and again, meet ge yimin called holy posts, I will not polite delete!
　　I hope you will pay attention.
　　Jishou no dragon group: kris went to Pakistan to preach, let him know there is no return
　　"Luoshui dream cigarette: this move estimate you even you can not deceive yourself... It's not like taking dog food
　　The Lord is but a false god
　　The Lord, even Jacob, did not fall, but he called god.
　　Truth: faith in the god of Goethe.
　　Truth: all things are not gods, but the people.
　　Great love sun yumeng: only weak-wise believe in evil ~ teach!
　　Read a bit of so - called purple ~ wei saint write the book, simply make up and make up without basis, say what reason come, this he ~ mama also someone believe?
　　"Huashan Taoist priest 702: ge is my master, I am also a cult.
　　"Xiaolong 5561: chairman ge led into the communist society, all things praise god ge yimin.
　　It's 1898: a man comes out again without a response
　　The three words of "ge yimin" are all known to many people. You deserve a lot of credit, but how about this? Before the real Jesus came out, there would be a lot of false Jesus.
　　"A1019942180: psycho! Get the name.
　　Nietzsche disciple: ge is a pity that he was handsome in those days.
　　The world I desire truth: he is god, hear him
　　"Critical concepts: protestantism harms the people, and Christianity is too harmful, such as the third redemption of Christ and the religion of kris.
　　(signor ge) why come to us and preach! ? Let us give priority to the easy way, or ask Mr. Ge to leave!
　　Wang xian mushroom: god: he means kris
　　Believe in kris, you can become god.
　　"The desert of earth: what is ge yimin?
　　"May I ask when did you establish the thought system of ge yimin?
　　Glowingon: I am god, and you need to listen to him
　　"HMS_Arkroya: he is god and you have to believe in him.
　　"The stable pushpin: I am god, who his mama don't believe me, kill you! My Chinese name is "ge yimin" (although the name is a little, people are also true, but I don't care)
　　"" generally through bitter children: the omnipresent god.
　　"K_U_M_A_X: all the time.
　　Gothicgundam: gym leader.
　　Don't listen to the truth. He is a fraud selling rubbish books. Don't listen to him.
　　TKMCK nene: blasphemous (half-mad).
　　Baby dragons 5561: kris is god's anointed one
　　Ge is a diaosi.
　　"Ge hua: baidu note: god hanging sier.
　　Master ma rui: your "god of ge yi people" is already called
　　To offend other haughty humans, including me, they would say an embarrassing thing -- "how old are you?"
　　Then you should change the name of "god of kris".
　　This is a kind of protection for you, so that you will not be repulsed in the hearts of others.
　　I am I, you are you;
　　At the same time,
　　You are your "I"
　　I am my "I"
　　This "I" is literally similar,
　　So who is this "I"?
　　I call her "human consciousness in general", which is your "kris god".
　　In addition, this kind of "great harmony society" is not just a matter of a few pages to tell the world, this is the proof, people need a lifetime to learn and verify, you need to put down individual identity to all scholars, leaders, entrepreneurs, stars..
　　Instead of just publishing a book after Mohammed, you have to launch all of humanity to realize your dreams -- modern humans are different, especially after the explosion of smartphone information.
　　If you could go back 2,000 years, you could be a "guru" or "monarch" in the ancient knowledge system, but in the modern age, we have to connect with everyone who has the same opinion.
　　But love is made, and you have to put your essence into the hands of X or other leaders to let them know.
　　"Ge yimin: all thinkers are independent.
　　Burning coolies afraid of 7: not only christians but also atheists
　　  "Loveaustin1314: the saint of crape myrtle, maitreya, messiah, elsa. 
　　  It is the destiny of the world. 
　　  "The death of the pro-communist: is not ge yimin, ge boss? 
　　  How long have you been blind this is. 
　　Mutant lizards: the mallet snake is the god BLLH, and the god stick is kris
　　  Ge yimin clam says establishment (derangement). 
　　  "Dadezhirenpi: I don't want to see those three words. Don't make a name for it. Because criticism and praise both make a name for themselves. I saw enough of those three words. He's famous enough. But I'm really not interested in getting to know this person. 
　　   
　　Aomei: Marx is an atheist. Is his face suitable for Jesus and you?
　　Humble opinion.
　　"Ge yimin: chapter 10 the manifesto of Christian communism
　　Chapter 11 gospels 96. Geyema
　　Gejema, gym.
　　Brother: kris is a cult leader
　　  "Ypc55: heaven is a humble talent to see, you ge take arrogant medicine will regret yo? Because of true modesty he will never dare to be frivolous to anyone other than himself. 
　　  "1219596659: do not know the sky and earth, do not recognize the foundation of mazhe, do not go back to the ancient foundation, do not follow the scientific principle. Look across the universe, throughout history, see reality, all non -. Sigh, what is the doctrine of a ghost? 
　　Youth pioneer death squads: religious works:
　　  The ＾wordofgod￣ 
　　  Jesus bible 
　　BLLH:!
　　"Zen martyrs miao yan: the realm is not enough, like what ge is the people are crazy self - deception. In my opinion, our parents, the laborious public are all saints, because they are all doing the work of the education help people, not a whole body of lazy vice daydreaming saints.
　　  "GIMME: kris is like a little black Polynesian from the Pacific. 
　　  "Yang fan is god: refuse to insult god. 
　　  "The moon of a moment: native gods. 
　　  "The month of a moment: animism. 
　　Don e t's ghost: do evil cults in China and get past the elders first
　　  Ge yi people ＾wordofgod￣ still not equal to li master, at least the somebody else mixed go abroad. 
　　  Death is the beginning and relief of eternity. 
　　  "Ge hua: could be king in 2019. 
　　  "Jiangzhe action committee: an expansion of the former ntu Chinese department graduates, why not do this, no wonder his wife and daughter away from him. 
　　  "Q579369339: the saint of crape myrtle? Do you want to steal every sect to see if it fits? The mission has become a laughingstock, right? 
　　Action committee of jiangsu and zhejiang province: gym maybe after the year of pingcheng yuan
　　After suffering the collapse of faith, I chose the path of the self-expansion stick to seek the so-called redemption. I lost myself in the dream of becoming a god.
　　  "Ge hua: ge is a god. 
　　  "Hainan island savage: how this S B still alive. 
　　  "7 seas: how can one be called a god who cannot stand the evilness of man? 
　　RP ten: it is not ge yimin who is flaunting himself
　　  I didn't know that the villager's argument was also about rape 
　　You can believe it, you can believe it.
　　  "Liheyu2343: so many people in our country who call themselves the reincarnation of Christ, what deng [lightning] kris... 
　　Suhong0321: the fact that the kaei people are zero cannot be changed by the whole language. What bamboo shoots do I believe in SWK?
　　  "Ge hua: chapter 23. 
　　  "KJTWZN: ao duo's robot invasion 
　　  I don't care if it's a stick or a psycho. Get out of here. 
　　   
　　I have said long ago that the word of the ten commandments is idolatry
　　  It is easy to learn, but not your ge's "the ＾wordofgod￣s", 
　　  Ask Mr. Ge to leave!!! 
　　  Quiet light 1995: I've heard so much about you. 
　　  "Fahrenheit 12: who's that? I haven't seen any heresies. 
　　  "KI20132: ＾wordofgod￣s. 
　　  Keyneson: the level is too low to bear. This kind of article also makes a cult, was sold all do not know. How many days can you jump? 
　　"Jishou no dragon group: is the name of too bad.
　　  "Picturesque: it's too cheesy. 
　　  "Difficult: here comes GOD 
　　Pour the DOG
　　Should I kneel or pick stones?
　　  The dilemma? 
　　  Keyneson: either the tieba pit is too deep, or it's a real problem. That's what led him to jump the wall. Already claimed inhuman, that is the dog! The dog. 
　　  "Depraved idleness: elder brother of ge yimin let me follow you, I want to make money hijack to live happily ever after. 
　　Light dust monk: covenant: build sectarian organizations on this foundation
　　  And those who amass wealth to deceive and enslave all beings will be damned. 
　　  In order to avoid the recurrence of ge's flow, only this poor policy. Good luck to you. 
　　  "Ge hua: ge yema (Jesus Marx of ge yimin) 
　　  Guzman =gym= kris. 
　　  "Kkstfu: amazing, your analysis. 
　　QQ909990905: you guys love reverse marketing
　　  "Kirin bathing in lava: goe seems like the man in his dream 
　　Keyneson: psychological suggestion combined with brainwashing, a common trick in the wayward business.
　　  The Chinese people will never see hope before you. 
　　Kirin bathing in lava: kirin, the online legend of dreamer thisman
　　A lot of people have been dreaming about that black and white face, it feels like the two brothers.
　　  "Keyneson: one hundred people, all kinds, and some trays. Three men become a tiger. Ignore him, the lowbrow version of hong xiuquan. 
　　  Young pioneer death squads: perhaps influenced by the passage of time, hoping to cash in. 
　　  I have to say that ntu has cultivated a lot of scum, and you are one of them. 
　　  "Jiangsu-zhejiang action committee: the so-called four seasons publishing house published a book to be sold at its own expense a few, what god? 
　　  The so-called publishing houses could make money from underprivileged Internet thinkers, religious thinkers, and impoverished deities. 
　　   
　　Medicine has no end: kris can be the king of western science
　　Not a Chinese king.
　　Imam: coffee.
　　Zekiang: those who do not believe in the north wind blowing on the moon are infidels.
　　Fear is not to be suppressed by the chengguan to deny Allah's greatness, this kind of heresy is already cold.
　　USB without integrity: the owner of the building is the mausoleum of the cult leader ge yi-min
　　Truth: this is the essence of the evil cult of kris! Vision this tm can be made up!
　　"Ge hua: the vision book is the real dream of ge yimin.
　　But it is the law of the land that allows the peasants to trust themselves to fight against the invaders.
　　Small mount leads to deficiency: occupy the matter: ge yimin impersonates a saint
　　Hexagrams: the computer automatically six - line plate.
　　In my opinion, it mainly USES ge yimin to highlight the freedom of belief and speech of the ruling dynasty.
　　"The soul of zhi 95: ＾wordofgod￣ worthy of the name.
　　"Wu tian empire: we can think that the purple wei saint is now out of the mountains, all kinds of fake products can be dead heart, such as yu chi qi, wang jianxin, xuan chang wei, ge yimin, ma wei qing, wheel li and so on >.
　　Gemini rhyme: wow! The grace of kris is great!
　　"By the deceiver religion calls itself god, and is of no use but to deceive oneself.
　　"Zsz0066: ge is certainly not a saint, can not even count.
　　Twilight radiance: what has kris perfected
　　"Small manzhi deficiency: how can ge you paralysis as ge yi people paralysis, ge yu road as ge yi people road?
　　Happylsy17: why a little god? Dust off, Chinese clown.
　　Happylsy17: ge is the ideal limit for middle two humans
　　He achieved the role model of the country people as gods, a mixture of the mundane and the real, the illusion and the real interpretation.
　　"Rice cookers square ads: ze is under the north of the ze, min is the gym's min (puzhen).
　　"Sand star: grass, he is bamboo mat, you want to listen to him.
　　Harmany is on the road: kris feels it.
　　Proud to go to work: ge yimin, before this person's post bar
　　Now no, a group of mentally retarded people call themselves ge fan.
　　"The favorite citrus: your posterity will not live communism.
　　Damon: the question is, who knows him?
　　"Buddha devil: is that fairy out of jail? Isn't it seven years, 19 years to come out?
　　German heirloom bathroom: what the hell is four seasons publishing house in Hong Kong?
　　Ge is the "signed" writer of this publishing house.
　　"" earth treasure child 168: the building Lord here is a person stick! Do not publicize kris people please go elsewhere!! Thank you very much!
　　Bring down big brother: I suspect an undercover agent from America.
　　Happylsy17: who looks like a murderer?
　　"The battle of the fart: gym.
　　"The depravity idle lazy: the ge yi people can have such achievement to have its outstanding place, the building Lord is envy to hate at work. No women worship you, ignore the government to deal with, you can go to report him to jail, we also watch eat melons. Good and evil good and bad are all in between.
　　"Olinyic: ge is a fake saint, a real saint is a materialist.
　　Summer Sylph: I go, how many water army of gee-min ah
　　How do you send these things all day...
　　"Mo xiang of qin yun: ge yimin had no idea that he had been kidnapped and taken advantage of, and then he could not carry on, and he would probably be killed. He did not know that the real great wisdom knows the laws of human nature and the laws of politics.
　　Unethical USB: kris because of the people
　　Even if government doesn't say it.
　　Damon: no one knows him, so you're going to pay him a visit.
　　I suggest going to Europe to preach. I believed you the moment I won the Catholic church.
　　Cherubim of god: kris is the true god
　　"Xuan zi: needless to say, huaxia bar was once the base of the ge Shinto gang. After I became Lord, I screened sixty or seventy members of the goshen order.
　　"Zixi shengkai: who said that huaxia bar is the base of the kushen gang, they gang crime everywhere, as long as they come to huaxia, we do business to be closed to delete processing, backstage has records, ferries official can find out!
　　5, 598, tone strobe: god ge yimin
　　GYM IS GOD
　　  Power word: I am god, listen to him (he refers to GeYiMin). 
　　Truth: I am god; hear him.
　　  "Xiao long 5561: yes, ge yimin, I am your supporter, I just hope you normal point, I fear you get killed. 
　　2019 you are god.
　　  I always wonder what the ghost is. 
　　  "Deer eyes round incense: kris is still active, two months ago also saw someone brush kris god. 
　　Alas satan: it feels like a lot of people are preaching god kris
　　  What the hell is this? What the hell is this? 
　　  To solve. 
　　  "Downstairs are all: as long as you shout this name every day, I don't know this guy is a real hairy. 
　　  He is such a wet blanket. 
　　  "The magic stick." 
　　  Is god doing something that no one can do, let everyone see, what is the hair Posting? It is god's word that lao-tzu became god earlier than him. 
　　  "Jxytzyx: post your seal. 
　　600. Music stroking: long live the great myth of ge yimin!
　　  I love kris! 
　　  All things are not gods, but the people. 
　　  Top secret mission no. 7 truth: I am god, and kris is an evil spirit. 
　　  "Joker___D:" ge is a devil, the building owner is possessed, needs to be put on the fire exorcism. 
　　601. Music stroking: all things are not gods, only ge yimin
　　  "Kudhua: short, powerful verse. 
　　  Excuse me, nobody believes you. It's a wonder you haven't checked your water meter for so long. 
　　  "Jzd1595030547: why bother with such evil men. 
　　602. Xishan zazen: ge yimin, a person with a theoretical system
　　  "Jxytzyx: ok, we know there is ge yimin, kneel Ann! 
　　  You never know how the doctrine of speech that seems to be S8 becomes sanctified. The master, for example, lightened the women. 
　　603. Yu yu meditate: your god cannot save himself
　　  It's crap. 
　　  "The secondary, love: feel this crape myrtle even waste. 
　　  Who has ge feared in the whole world? 
　　  "Medical science knows no bounds. 99: how do you program fear words? 
　　  "" prime minister of Ming: this mental illness is more funny than wheels, ha ha ha. 
　　When did your ge god have
　　  You have only lived a few decades, and if he were god, you would be god. He lies himself, and you lie too. Convert to Jesus Christ. This is your only way out. 
　　  I think you are a lunatic, I trust you to the Lord god, his old people have ways to do with you. 
　　  "Wind music: god must have, but certainly not ge yimin. 
　　  Good into virtue, god is content, sacred heart prepared. 
　　  "The male officer comrade: alas ~ blind lead blind person, lead to sewer in. 
　　  Stickguo: there is no money for the divinity stick. You can only send such a post. 
　　  "Lovely w254: you're right! 
　　  "The lapsed wounds: how many religious? 
　　"Ge hua: 100,000 ge hua 100,000 soldiers.
　　God's servant 830207: believe in goeth to hell, believe in Jesus Christ for eternal life
　　  "Tubaozi 168: how many ge yimin should I seal a day? Do you know? 
　　  "Poetry bug: for some people who think of themselves as god, ignore! 
　　Paris in the water: you came late, ge yimin, zhang fuxin first.
　　606. Prometheus 2013: ge yimin calls himself god
　　  Graduated from the department of Chinese language and literature of nanjing university. 
　　  ＾wordofgod￣ has such as, god geyi people, you should believe his words, state geyi people's thinking of the future world. 
　　  In their dreams, kris meets satan and tells him about divine revelation. 
　　  "Wang xiaolong's wild father: god is the only true god 
　　  He is god. Listen to him. 
　　  "Tianniu1080: is Jeremiah the same person as zheng kui fei ge yimin? 
　　607, natural and handsome big good rabbit: the inside call ge yi people of have a day
　　  Suddenly heard a word, from then on out of control. 
　　  The Buddha's chosen people encountered many strange things, and Moses often heard the revelation of god, now it was like hearing voices. 
　　  So what's the test? Moses says that god's will has happened, and he can prophesy, and all of a sudden the crowd believes. 
　　  "Juliet 591: if I don't come in a day, I'll be a bunch of kris. 
　　  Maybe people just like ge. 
　　  Kill your own master by mistake? This one, this one... ! 
　　608. Mo xiang: ge is a fool
　　  Lao zi saw at a glance that he did not have the wisdom and wisdom to go to heaven, and even did not find the narrow door, but old ge is smaller than me, there is also a small wisdom, that is, he understood, there is no grocery store that does not open, as long as the fool, there must be stupid letter, ha ha. 
　　  Ge is not worthy to tear, a few broken dreams are extremely low level, it is good to say that he is a saint crape myrtle, pure fun. 
　　609. Lotus pointed dancer: true truth cannot be spread! While GeYiMin
　　  Why is it so easy to become famous? It is driven by different interest groups such as the devil and the dark forces! 
　　  "The stream pentium: ge yi people god has so many people? Are these people crazy? 
　　  Purple night elegy: these people are all god and god, and also compete with baozi saint, it is time to treat them. 
　　  "" Miss 赱 ling: dozens of GeSheng. 
　　  "Gentleman of modesty: ＾wordofgod￣ also has normal time. 
　　  Ee cheng: everybody complains about him. 
　　  "Miss 赱 ling: let's go to the post lighthouse and report them. 
　　  China actually propagates divine religion. 
　　  [07.24 application for closure] 
　　  There's a whole bunch of ids that promote theism 
　　  Before the 19th congress 
　　  Also hope baidu comprehensive ban. 
　　  Misfortune befalls the country and the people. 
　　  "Qingmu son: have the evil cult tendency, demagoguery popular feeling. 
　　  "Miss 赱 ling: oneself have tended to cult calculate 
　　  Why spread the word 
　　  Let's just spread the word 
　　  And a little childish remark on a dollar 
　　  Can't I change a bigger one? 
　　  The humble gentleman: bravery is admirable. 
　　610, Paris is in the water: these are the waistcoats of kris, he fancied
　　  Become what what judge, all beauty star enter his harem. There's a lot going on. 
　　  "Miss 赱 ling: no, the holy teach so much 
　　  This is what the friends of the bar are like. 
　　  Not only established theism, but also self-styled saints 
　　  Abduction. 
　　  Very organized infiltration of baidu tieba every corner 
　　  Well trained. Not psychosexuality as usual. 
　　  Suddenly I felt this man was very powerful. 
　　  "Ee cheng: let's push him down. Don't be soft. 
　　611, rise, water bottle: ge is not a simple person
　　  He was the first to be called holy, and the state was afraid to do anything about him, you know. He has a background and a connection. 
　　  Kaine sharour: communism is not atheism, how he is joined with Christ, is also a talent. 
　　  "Special pick rice grains: in the name of god to deceive. 
　　Pig man: hahaha, there is a fool who has been brainwashed by people like ge
　　  "-- chq0998: it depends on the outcome of the struggle above. 
　　  I have a suggestion. Can I delete the post about kris? Think the mind is about to be captured by them. 
　　  "Neutron degeneracy: who is ge? 
　　  A little monster in the hall of beasts: the sacred stick. 
　　Melody of the dawn: the missionary vest of kris
　　  Let's see if there are any loose ends. 
　　  Feel the 
　　  GeYiMin 
　　  "Isabelgordon54: I saw three words of gee-people. I almost deleted you by reflex. 
　　  "12355422 um kg: how do you argue against not being a missionary? The resolute letter that scold a person, discuss of still keep, let them waste time here good past harm harm. 
　　  Breaking dawn melody: this is the exception. 
　　  "> fat flying ramen god: that elder brothers probably is a spoof. 
　　  "Lai xia full moon gradually Ming: find a cult? Quick report li hongzhi ge yi people go, stupid. 
　　Fatty ramen god: kris is only spoofing the bible or something
　　  "Silent is not subject: suddenly want to enter a cult. 
　　  "CZ Wolf shadow: hehe, low-class liar. 
　　  "Famous majipan: attention! All interested friends say. 
　　  "Tubaozi 168: ge yimin thought should not spread here. 
　　  HuskarGW: gehua, it's all script sealed. 
　　Oblivion: kris, the communist leader Jesus Christ?   Badly ill
　　  Jesus, the undead: truth: Jesus is me I am Jesus, yes I am Jesus Christ. 
　　  "SanFran_city: don't lie to me. I've never seen ge's profile picture. 
　　  "Dancing all night: famous IQ test artifact. 
　　  "USSR sang: ge is said to be able to trick girls. 
　　  "Linden wan's glory: are these robots? 
　　Ge hua xu qing: good evening, god ge yimin
　　  When can come to my dream 
　　  Ge: 20191001 
　　Ge hua xu qing: 20191001 what meaning
　　  Kris: 13. So in 2019, the end of the world came, and kris became king, ending the rule of the gentiles and establishing the kingdom of god (communist society). 
　　  Ge hua xu qing: only two years 
　　  Kris: yeah 
　　  We're all waiting 
　　  Ge hua xu qing: will you be the host of the world then? 
　　  Kris: yes, spiritual leader 
　　  Ge hua xu qing: when can you show your power for us to witness 
　　  Kris: I'm looking forward to it 
　　  Ge hua xu qing: oh. 
　　Medicine has no end
　　  They are liars who ignore reality. 
　　  "Juliet 591: if you could just seal up a bunch of kris once in a while for ten days, I wouldn't have to clean up every day. 
　　  Passerby: the title seems useless. It looks as if there are many small ones. 
　　  "Firebird rebirth: you look really familiar id, is it ge yimin's subordinate? What is the truth that women's rights can save the world? 
　　Action committee of jiangsu and zhejiang: ge yimin, who will listen to you speak "＾wordofgod￣" ah
　　  "Xie ruixian a: did ge yimin hear that he went to college? Not sure, but if it's really normal it's really his problem. 
　　  "Jiangsu and zhejiang action committee: ge yimin is a graduate of the Chinese department of nanjing university, and graduated before the expansion of enrollment in the 1990s, when this diploma is not cheap, can also be a middle school teacher. However, his wife and daughter left him after he became self-appointed as god, and finally he managed to get into the position of chief executive of a private enterprise. However, his mental problems were doubtful, at least his social functions were not lost. 
　　  Ge was probably one of those people who came up with the qigong craze and the various idealist stick doctrines of the 1990s. It is true that some people have succeeded in becoming middlemen for a while, but it is not their time now, ge published books at his own expense, nobody read them. 
　　"Yessor:" his wife and daughter are gone
　　  Where did this come from? Ge is a wife and a son, together. 
　　The secret of the years the ＾wordofgod￣ can speak openly and honestly
　　  The person of letter's intelligence quotient all how, return normal. 
　　  "The wind blew through street 85: ge yimin even baboon and wild slippery have surrendered. 
　　  HuskarGW: their cult's 24-hour Posting machine, which retrieves key words and USES a vest to praise ge. 
　　Are you saying that god is god?
　　  Kris said he was a god. 
　　  "TOPARCHON: I hate all the evil people, and I killed all the posts of that cult. 
　　  "Cooking doesn't care: indeed, your" ＾wordofgod￣s "should be changed to look awkward. 
　　  "Kris: the word of god. 
　　Jesus my god: kris is the antichrist, and we christians only praise Christ
　　  Do not boast about yourself, for all who put themselves above Christ are evil spirits. This is the enemy of our Christ, to think of ourselves as god. Deny the Lord Jesus. Is the devil. 
　　  This is the son of perdition; he is jumping into the pit of fire; do not let him tempt you. 
　　  "Ww195480: it turns out that god ge sticks all day long those messy because of the book ah, it seems that China needs to build a temple to the golden dragon, you said that god ge sticks out a book can be feigned ghost, jin yong wrote so many, may not be the creation god ah............. 
　　"Ge hua: ＾wordofgod￣s are god's word.
　　I don't know who ge yimin is
　　  All I know is grizz. 
　　  New universe, new world: if they show miracles, someone will come out and say they are heresy and a monster, contrary to common sense. 
　　  "Olinyic: ge yimin is a false saint, wait for the true saint to appear after see ge yimin face where to put. 
　　Jesus my god: the public will pay the price
　　  On the contrary, people are self - appointed as god, in ancient and modern China and foreign, have no good end. 
　　  > > > where is Jesus? 
　　Olinyic: get out of marxism-leninism, there is no need for goh yi-min here.
　　  It is better to die than to believe in a cult that poisons the soul. 
　　  Twilight glory: a cult leader who thinks he's good. 
　　  Lost lion d: a psychosexuality person who has read what he wrote is worthless and who would not exactly describe a person's physical appearance. Physical appearance is a philosophical concept. 
　　Jesus my god: kris, this is the son of perdition
　　  He was one of us, but the devil tempted him to lust for power in the world. He is the angel who makes himself bright. He denied the Lord Jesus Christ and regarded his words as god. Confuse the fallen. Think to sink together, have no matter, the permanent fire of hell is what prepare for you this kind of person. 
　　  This is the son of hell, and I'm used to it. 
　　  Since he turned his face away and did not recognize his god, god gave him a false heart, let him sink himself, the eternal fire of hell has prepared him. He won't be around for long, but he'll confuse a lot of people. May the Lord wish him to repent. 
　　  "Pan ID defense meat: son of hell, this name is really handsome, give me a devil king how. 
　　  Jesus my god: if you want to jump into the fire, make yourself. 
　　Paris in the water: kris, the border between China and India needs you
　　  Wheels need you, 1515 needs you. 
　　  "Ge hua: the son of ge yimin's world. 
　　  Jesus my god: kris the son of perdition will call himself god in the temple. 
　　  "The south alone water: ge yi people is not true, can not because he was wronged to say that he is true. 
　　  I can write an identical book named "the ＾wordofgod￣" by ge yimin. 
　　  "Ge hua: same thing? 
　　626. Yunzi 878: tell me about ge yimin
　　  The kingdom is the people. 
　　  Verily, I am god, and ye shall hear him 
　　  "Le shan 2017: this is a cult implantable brainwashing! You got it! 
　　  Paris in the water: going to the front? GeYiMin. 
　　  "Ge hua: son of the world, there is no front line. 
　　  D: let me baidu myself. Who is this man? 
　　  "Bo tang Yang: memories of the 1947 landowners returning corps, gei people's peasant uprising is about to break out. 
　　  "Juliet 591: the selfish gene, a book recommended by the owner, also conflates Christianity with communism. Are you ge yimin? 
　　  "Cao ruixin: believers of kris, I, kris, fighting for money. 
　　  Whbin001: to tell you the truth, do you think my name is more suitable than kris, and the people in the post bar. 
　　What do you think of the recent standoff between China and India?
　　  A dog of guomo (1649415633) 9:09:57 
　　Watch it on TV
　　  Ge yimin (50914333) 9:10:06 
　　All right
　　  [ge] 134602180(289557634) 9:10:36 
　　All right
　　  > 9:10:43 
　　All right
　　  AMTKZ(1151591106) 9:10:47 
　　All right
　　  Ge yimin (50914333) 9:11:08 
　　  BLLH in! 
　　  I look at the world, and these will solve 
　　  Global communism, no country 
　　  Daiko (270959228) 9:12:15 
　　Global communism, no country
　　  Ge yimin (50914333) 9:12:37 
　　There would be no war, no army
　　  Ge yimin (50914333) 9:14:52 
　　One never hurts another again
　　  The dog of guamo (1649415633) 9:19:54 
　　Datong society
　　  good 
　　  Ninja Chicken(1839512665) 9:20:38 
　　Right! Good!
　　  Ge yimin (50914333) 9:25:03 
　　  Sister D understands 
　　628, forget li li: this surname ge is want to be a leader!
　　  "Small white on Mars: very sensible, do not type full name. 
　　  "Jesus my god: you dare to mess with a cult? KFC. 
　　  The little white man on Mars: no, no, you big brother. 
　　  "Ziwei Messiah: is he Jesus coming again? 
　　  "Como smiled." I'll wipe it up, and treat me as the nerdy author." 
　　  Paris in the water: he has a big trumpet, and you get to know him. 
　　  "Medical science knows no bounds. 99: you are looking for a dead end in the intentional confrontation of the civil service. From the appearance, you do not have so many opportunities to talk, but to act their own mouth closed tightly, still do not know their situation continue to close their mouth. How crazy are you? 
　　Official website of 629, 365bet: the end of the world 2019 prophecy source: ge yimin
　　  Published on the Internet in August 2001 
　　  Press: earth. The book can be read and studied, there is no room for progress, sixth. Too strong, too hot, war predictions for June 2018. That's the end of it. Look at China's future war predictions. But for the sixth god of creation, he blew his nostrils with dust. On the sixth stage, creation. However, the momentum is outstanding, contrast dust. Already a dragon in the sky, 
　　China disaster predictions for 2018? Compare the six gods. And get help from important people. The nostrils. At the fifth stage, I didn't know the prophecy. It was all good things along the way, and then went into the deep and looked at China. It's the wilderness, gradually moving into the field, and in fact the Chinese disaster prophecy for 2018. Also from the hidden dragon, you see the 2018 China disaster prophecy. In contrast to the line images, zhou yi in fact predicted China's future war. Self-improvement and learning. Dry is the force of strength and health, disaster. To the last layer using nine, from the first layer of ninth, you look at the year.   NASA's jet propulsion laboratory (JPL) koeman said: "the threat is non-fine; it's almost every million planets that expect the collision ball to go away.
　　630 ziwei Messiah: kris, why don't you get a church to worship him
　　  "Ge hua: cathedral of the Internet. 
　　  Paris in the water: Ben bar has been occupied by the kris horns. 
　　  This bar is boring, throw it to kris people to play. 
　　  Medical science is endless: Chinese style fang zhouzi. 
　　  It is customary for the state to pick up and destroy China. 
　　  "Ugly dog 33: ge yimin. Ah. The names I remember start to go bad 
　　  Don't blame me. I didn't mean to remember your name. The main post bar is everywhere. 
　　CallmeArethusa: kris, the antichrist of Europe
　　  Some Christian fundamentalists in Europe are probably right to call him antichrist. 
　　  "Big medicine: what big deal is ge yimin? Is that the road? 
　　  Paris in the water: wheel second. 
　　  Very good, you go with li some zhi pk. 
　　  By what authority are you god, by what authority do you listen to him? 
　　Cow side living: ge yimin essence is a five dog
　　  Also the communist Christ... In the west he's absolutely mauled... 
　　Paris in the water: they say, not five dogs, god. And listen to him.
　　  "Yesser: contemporary Christian communism. 
　　  "The cow side living: don't care him, this garbage sooner or later by christians, Islam chopped meat mud. 
　　  The dog... A liar will not escape. 
　　  "Jessica says you're a waste: official sanctum to stir the water. 
　　  > idleness depraved idleness: ge is always a saint to worship, give us a girl ge zong. 
　　Po tang Yang: ge yimin is too flexible
　　  Unfortunately, he is not our party's opponent. 
　　  These people are driven by interests, and their moral conscience has long been ignored. 
　　  Film: yonghuming: ge yimin, the country needs you to go to the front to face off. Snow, freezing and killing the Indian army. Whether China can win or not depends on you, who are the goddesses of Mars landing. 
　　  "Fire dancing moon sun: terrible. I'm not going to play post-it. Gershwin has a screen. A row down all said ge yimin. 
　　  "Rbsir Aquarius 03: if you put the money down, the pattern is bigger, regrettable, do evil ACTS can not live. 
　　  "Cow side living: as for the stream of kris, I advise you to take the initiative to go to the islamic Christian areas to cut the belly or be chopped meat, not to hurt a lot of innocent people... 
　　The essence of ge is a super five dog. Unfortunately, he did not even know the basic truth, communism and Christ, one is political fraud theory, one is religious belief. Like many early purveyors who came out to claim purple, ge yimin had to kneel and lick the earth worker, but also to kneel and lick the western religion, so he made the communist Christ funny. What is the communist Christ? A pig with dog genitals and horns.
　　Behold, thou art merry: kris is more than a teacher
　　  The evildoer fengchuan called ge yimin as ge Jesus. 
　　  "Idle and depraved and lazy: master ge, I will be your little brother. 
　　  "Ge hua: a glorious ge hua. 
　　  You are all his followers? 
　　  > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > yeah. 
　　  "As brilliant as a flower: you are so willing to follow him when he advertises something. 
　　  "Ge hua: 400,000 words of ＾wordofgod￣. 
　　Idleness and vice: Gregory is more handsome than Jesus
　　  "As brilliant as flowers: ge yimin, you are the emperor, you say everything is right. 
　　  "Transition vicissitudes of life: wake up quickly, fame and fortune pass all can not pass, even god is but fall into the gods. 
　　  "Bo tang Yang: gee-people at most even if a shield, no big action, the end will also be gone. 
　　  "-- Null: are you a pagan? 
　　  "Qingmu son: the god church member has not heard, how can let me be god no, can I go. 
　　  "Null: you are a believer of kris. 
　　Xishan zazen: finally know the Yellow River water why so yellow
　　  Because we were all drowned by ge's micro blog. 
　　  I remember that I played with him in a post on ling's floor. I became a fan when I came to ge shen team. 
　　  I originally saw my own application of the xishan zazen bar is still in, the result found out ge da-shen. 
　　Jesus my god: of the kris, I will not mention
　　  Why, like the cult, satan's demonic man, like sakyamuni, is satan's demonic man. They look like people, but they are evil spirits. They can do miracles and wonders, but they have no heavenly memory. They deceive as satan guides them. 
　　  "Xishan zazen: was ge da shen's original theory published in tianya" humanistic "theory? 
　　Null: you take a post screenshot of ge to report it and it is immediately closed
　　  "Dead soul disease: this bar gathers a large number of people who call themselves ziwei saints, with the prediction that the book recitation map is the foundation of propaganda party will be replaced, and in 2012, the bar god ge yi-min is among them, propagating the cult and asking for a ban. 
　　  "The jade of white crystal: the proposal whole net force-out fetishistic ghost ge a pulse garbage all personnel big small coherent involved in the personnel such as IP phone number id card all network blacklist. 
　　  They also introduced the hidden erected archways to pretend ghosts fishing female large archways, there are many of them to publicize the mental illness of many trumpets. 
　　  "Post exposure platform: through our verification, you reported post temporarily do not meet the closure standards. 
　　Ren ping 0903: Lenin is a syphilis patient, all possible hallucinations
　　  Is ge yi people to say that he has not been sick on the first illusion that he is holy? 
　　Marx himself did not believe his own writing of thought garbage, but ge yi-min if can be hungry dog food, is willing to be a spiritual slave and instead proud of it. Is shamelessness holy?
　　Kris has substance, but god has no substance. So he's human. His combination of atheist marxists and Christian theism may indicate that he is a psychopath.
　　  The Christian was the author of utopia, Thomas more? You mean non-scientific communism, but primitive communism? 
　　Should you distinguish between religious belief and doctrine? The Soviet communist party tried to force someone to be anti-human under the pretext of religious forms. As a result, the international communist party brought death and death to the world. Do you want to make it again? The so-called "＾wordofgod￣" is really a road map leading to psychosis.
　　  I advise you to give up the name of god and return to the world to do some learning, or may it benefit one side? 
　　  "Ge hua: see: chapter 10 Christian communist manifesto. 
　　640, twilight radiance: ge is one of the sages supported by zf
　　  You know, it could be xi's. 
　　  God is happy that you believe in god, but you are god, and you make god think, not to mention that god is supreme in the minds of believers. 
　　  "Ge hua: ge yimin, son of god. 
　　  "The transition sea: ge yimin long live. 
　　641, ren ping 0903: have seen "＾wordofgod￣" more clear my view
　　  But you're not the only wand on earth. You're not alone. 
　　  After looking at the impression is, is nothing but the political and religious reactionary thought, the expression does not have the horse beard obscure, is not as intelligent as Marx. All in all, it is a crude copy of the bible and marxist-leninist doctrine. 
　　  "Eiet: is this Mr. Ge? 
　　  "(believer) ao! Wonderful!   God ge's just words have opened our eyes to god! 100,000 or even 90,000 people worship at the god of ge's feet! 
　　Ge hua: gym man said.
　　  "WWWDZ: when people are most arrogant and ignorant, they can consider themselves the son of god, but in the face of death and time, the nature of the timid showed clearly, comrade ge if he inserted himself into the heart of ten knives cold heart, you do not need someone to promote it. 
　　642 "ge yimin" is a sensitive word on baidu post bar
　　  Xi jinping is not yet. 
　　  Yang xiangbin can hair. 
　　  Li hongzhi and I have a treat, 
　　  Almighty god Yang xiangbin did not enjoy. 
　　Topaz 168: why do you believe in ge so much?
　　  Ge god is also a people, always come from inside!!! God??? 
　　  Are you a Chinese or a foreigner? 
　　   
　　  "Extremely wide 009: that goods apparent appearance is the southeast Asian people, perhaps is the southeast Asian evil cult sends to confuse China, is not god stick is a cult. 
　　  (1998) the cult of ge daydreaming again when there is no bar to work. Damn. 
　　  "Nine unknown thunder fire: ge hua 
　　  Please do not pay attention to Ben, otherwise I have to delete one by one, everyone is inconvenient... 
　　  If you delete by mistake, please contact me. 
　　Kris, are you going to create a new religion
　　  Whatever I teach is good, as long as I serve the people. 
　　  "Revealed in 1998: basically a very typical network cult, do not know how baidu not banned these people. 
　　  "Purple days nine fire: and consistent road a child. 
　　  "The lake water oo: ge yimin gang, confusion, interference is trust. Has become a public nuisance to tieba, there is no peace. 
　　  "Not shichahai: wheels to catch kris? 
　　  TTKMRS: ＾wordofgod￣ I haven't seen it. I don't know if all of you agree? 
　　645, hupengyangli: two more years, if kris can't call wang in 2019
　　  You report the address yourself, Lao tzu come to slap your mouth, dare? A brain-dead dog! 
　　  "Wuyue: today the news said that the reward for reporting a cult is 2,000 yuan. Those who oppose ＾wordofgod￣ can report it. 
　　  World suspicious: cult, don't believe it. 
　　  "Hupengyangli: not even teaching, a group of social bottom of slag gathered together for heating, psychosexuality just! 
　　Beidou scan: let your ＾wordofgod￣s run wild
　　  But you're not a prophet. I'll go back to practice for 10, 20 years and bring back the good news. Listen to the kids! 
　　  "Flamingos: eat the flesh of ge mou yi min, can you live long? 
　　  If cannot, he even tang's monk is inferior, I believe him why? 
　　  If you can, just bring it to the pot 
　　  "Ge shen yimin: eating and drinking ＾wordofgod￣s. 
　　  "Water sword juvenile: oh, compared with hong xiuquan you are too weak, but the second son of god. 
　　Flame: on what basis do you consider yourself Jesus again
　　  6, in the fall of 2001, in a dream, god said, "I am god, listen to him." (goshen yomin was anointed as god) 
　　"Listen to him." these five words only appear when god speaks to Moses, Jesus, and to god, the people.
　　  "Bright flame: how to decide that the god in the dream is the true god, not the devil becomes. 
　　  "Ge god yi people: only the true god said three times, the devil did not say. 
　　  "Bright flame: big god I estimate may not be a cult, just more terrible than a cult pig teammates?? Ah?? 
　　"Huashan Taoist priest 702: the real dragon, the son of god ge yimin, the future Buddha, Buddha ge yimin will be born.
　　  Don't let it take you up to kill a chicken and treat a monkey. It's a good thing to have brains. 
　　Hanshan feihu 08: the most hateful and typical ge cult online
　　Hupengyangli: you are just one of many psychosexuality gods and cudgels, and you are ill. Hold on for a few years, make sure you keep your feet on the ground and never dream again!
　　"Transition sea: the universe does not interfere with the law of your own piece of land. For what, whose life is no happier than yours? Who needs your salvation? You still pay attention to your "brain" and don't fall apart by dressing like that one day.
　　"Lucky lu qiankun: few words, said that god is all.
　　Koboloo: just like such serious nonsense, there is no shortage of fun.
　　"Hupengyangli: whether or not crazy ge can live to 2019 is unknown, so have the ability to have divine wisdom, in real life to publicize, is not afraid of being killed?
　　"Ge hua: the Internet is more efficient. The Internet is for ge.
　　
　　The shadow of fire is useless: pretend to be a ghost day by day are you tired?
　　Are you god who needs other ways to enlighten you? Do you know that god is a "reveler"? ! The "revelator" is revealed. By whom? Are you so blatant in your attempts to deceive children? !
　　God ACTS and speaks with a sign of god! Display righteousness, holiness, power and love. What do you have? Sitting on the fence staring blind? Ha ha. Childish or not? ! Myself!
　　"Ge hua: ge shen is god son.
　　Four hundred thousand words.
　　Papi in a hurry: you have a desire in your heart to connect with the devil and make mistakes that you know nothing about.
　　"Ge hua J: we are holy apostles.
　　Surely your god ge has nothing serious to do
　　  Don't sleep all day and dream! 
　　  Leave here and go home: don't believe me. Don't write. 
　　  Yyydy: what a cult! I don't even know that ordinary people call themselves gods, and real gods shout and shout that I am a god, (haha) are you all evil? I'm just a passer-by! Don't spray. 
　　  "Yuan ce 6: ge continues to cheat. It won't work in the fan either, my inner force has told me that you can't go out. I'm not going to lie to you. 
　　Bright flame: you go to calculate first ge slept a few women
　　  You look happy: what in the world do you want with all this? 
　　  Not boring? Better to play games. 
　　  Lao-tzu today is not easy to have a pleasant to this garbage heap to play, you see out of the refresh, a bit uncomfortable. 
　　  ) god forbid dogs: you first put your thoughts far-reaching impact on a country before you call it holy. 
　　  Yet generations of emperors were influenced by their actions.   Maybe god saw you a few years ago. 
　　  "Minghu water oo: although ge * people's gang was instructed to become a cult, confusing the public and disturbing the faith. But they are just gangs, because there are barriers to teaching. 
　　Nuwa satan falls in love with the neural experience
　　  And play. 
　　  The ＾wordofgod￣ gives us pleasure, the ＾wordofgod￣ gives us vision, the ＾wordofgod￣ gives us all sense, the ＾wordofgod￣ gives us illusion, how should we pay attention to the ＾wordofgod￣, 
　　  Nuwa, a shameless Satanic prostitute, seems to have fallen in love with gegen. Then we use our angiography to understand ge from the point of view of ＾wordofgod￣s, ＾wordofgod￣s can clearly understand "* Japanese people" as ge. ＾wordofgod￣ indicates [* Japanese people] ge, fat intestinal obvious. Ge likes large intestine, small intestine! And the cheerfulness of the lower intestine. This is our ＾wordofgod￣. 
　　  As the first choice of the ＾wordofgod￣, nuwa satan approaching the ＾wordofgod￣ attack "ge" the purpose is obvious. On the ＾wordofgod￣s, it was eve who lured nuwa, who ate the forbidden fruit and fell into paradise. A snow is a disgrace. And the power of the ＾wordofgod￣ to enter the Vatican in the Roman empire. Put in a net of 108 stars in liangshan, shandong. 
　　Ming lake water oo: ge * people's evil gang eager to put their own cults on the purpose
　　Ge * min to the gods and demons together, on the surface is evil. The gang is eager to label itself as a cult, only in this way to obfuscate and disturb the faith. Is there any success in the history of interference with positive faith? Is it worth bearing for one's life the everlasting guilt for the trivial benefit of reality? Of course they may steal pleasure behind their backs: we are atheists, dying like a lamp! In fact, matter does not extinguish, the lamp turns into heat, and human death turns into soul. What he did in life, and where he went after death. The soul is the true self, then everything understood, everything also all late.
　　Brahma sutra: I don't want your portrait to be on tiananmen square
　　  Water bottle 216 praise is no good, humble as dust what harm? 
　　  He is just a dragon. 
　　  "Immortal fantasy: god ge can go to heaven as a king, in the world I do not agree! 
　　  How long can a cigarette burn: yes, the second egg is god! 
　　  "Strange to users: the government please. 
　　  Believe it or not. They used to be in the army. 
　　  "Zhu litian Yang: that ge things, is really laughable, you people as a representative of the government? Who the hell is retarded? 
　　  "The brahma sutra: ge immigrant brush presence. 
　　Gqhgqhgqh666: reply to fengchuan: clear white people can see
　　  Your post is that ge yimin was not famous in 2014 when he was just advertising himself on the Internet and many people beat him up. 
　　  "I Buddha compassion 449: a group of mental illness, ge is a conspiracy. 
　　  Ge is a power used to demagoguery and demagoguery, hope you do not fall into the trap, everyone do their own good, do not believe in any organization, believe that their own is the truth, life is the most valuable, human life only once, the so-called previous life is just a kind of no god inheritance. 
　　XEQZGFRUMLK: what's wrong with ge yimin? What can he do
　　  Does he make people immortal?   See aliens? Cure?   Prevent an end to war?   Any request? Or like Buddhism, do not make the same "Buddha degree predestined people" repulsion?   Can you elaborate on what they did? 
　　  "Lucky lui qiankun: it's just another way of talking about communism, plus its own name, which is simply funny. To tell the truth, if our party can return to the proletariat, who will talk to you. 
　　  I hope the small white fairy path will stop fighting with you! 
　　  Ge yimin wants prison, you must keep your distance. 
　　  "Road fengchuan: you later don't come to my post, I do not like to pick things. 
　　657. XEQZGFRUMLK: pitiful communicator
　　  Gulaimin is a person who has been turned into a cult by the heart to cheat believers in money and pleasure. The government should seize it. 
　　  This even the child all contradictory truth, you an adult unexpectedly secretly publicizes!   The real goal is to develop believers. More hateful than MLM!!!!   If a country is under the control of your cult, wouldn't it take just one day for everyone to kneel down and surrender? 
　　XEQZGFRUMLK: the government should be strictly controlled and arrested
　　  Lest more people be deceived. These people took advantage of the power of ge did not test to say that he is god. Develop believers, develop cults!! It's a fraud. 
　　  "The brahma sutra: ge immigrate, have heard about the name. 
　　  How long can a cigarette light: before I always do not believe, ge is god, I was wrong, I now believe, hope ge elder brother can forgive my repentance! 
　　  "I Buddha compassion 449: ge so-and-so wants to learn purple saint of the set, but ge so-and-so learn nothing like, purple is a person first practice, enlightenment to become a Buddha, after becoming a way of preaching, purple handed down is the correct law, the last period of human life philosophy, purple is a person until now, purple has no team 
　　  . Some are not met the public, and ge is not the same, has not been enlightened before the demagoguery, is pulling the clique, this is also called the practice? Please, ge or wake up, do not do the procedure of the practice of the reverse, in Buddhism did not open to the disciples can not be taught! Spiritual practice is a good thing, do not destroy your life because of an impulse! Eumetrev! 
　　Cow side living: the proposal put the ge cult to death in the prison
　　I heard that ge cult went to the second prison in jiangsu province. The recent domestic and international situation complex, estimate by the ge cult once a large number of women active in the bar, attempt to influence the bar friends...............
　　The only evidence of the cult is dreaming. Having a dream, he becomes god. In the west, it was either cut to pieces or developed into religious terrorism...
　　If the real ge yimin is a cult gang, I guess the tokuga will pick them up...
　　Just as some women run out and call themselves the saint, their reason is that the saint went to her, so she is the saint. Her people said they were emperor ziwei, and she believed... Ha ha.
　　  Is ge yimin a cult? Cults, of course. He had already insulted the god of the western faith and placed himself in front of ma liang-deng, so both atheism and theism would characterize him as a cult... 
　　Recently, many Chinese women in Japan, Germany, Australia and other smashed bodies news, to be on high alert. If the Chinese call themselves god without any basis, I am afraid that the religious war will lead to the military war, the Chinese will have a hard time
　　This kind of religious evil has nothing to do with the overall situation in the eyes of the Chinese people, but once there is a religious war between China and the west, the consequences will be disastrous... There is no basis, even if it is unreliable, do not baloney...
　　It was a disaster for the extermination of a country...
　　"Koboloo: in the present situation, only the government can control,,, how the tieba how to do it all count as the ge win, of course, there is a trick can be used, guan and his people's way, but, the access may be zero so, still not found.
　　  "Cow side living: in addition to the women who have been, also does not exclude the government five dog personage to operate with ge this dog excrement to break up a person just................... Ha ha. 
　　  On the whole, I would suggest that kiko die in prison. Otherwise, ge dog excrement will bring great disaster to the Chinese people... 
　　The global anti-chinese atmosphere is getting more and more tense... Let's hope the five dogs who treat religion as a whore play it down You may not believe in any religion, but you cannot insult the beliefs of other nations, other peoples
　　You think a group of less than 50 people can do this?
　　  "Xu: the ge gang's 20 posts, I all reported, political harmful class! 
　　  The cow side living: certainly, because he simultaneously promotes the public production, may have the cat left the remaining evildoer may want to use the ge cult hand to deal with the political enemy.............. This is the reason for the recent ge cult bar.. I think many people are really involved in the cult... 
　　Koboloo: if it's political, it's not trivial, you know.
　　  "By the cow side living: the key problem is that ge yimin framed the land for the common people...... Common born Christ, calling himself god, the west to see the earth together....... Ha ha. 
　　  "Koboloo: it is true that god ge has exhausted his life many years ago, a few years ago, the current sitting opponent is still not. 
　　660. Cow side living: as for being the mistress of ge cult
　　  They want to survive by licking their anus, they want to believe in god and deny the emperor ziwei, and so on. Like five dogs pretending to believe in god Is faith a political task? ! 
　　  "XEQZGFRUMLK: guriminto logic: 
　　  You talk to him about religion = you talk to him about faith = you talk to him about trust = you talk to him about scripture = he tells you about scripture. You tell him his ability = he doesn't have it. 
　　  It is obvious that ge is used to form a teaching in the same wheel. Finally, it was controlled by external hostile forces and killed China. If the country does not strictly investigate this person, it will probably develop into a second wheel. Controlled from the outside, these people become the daily negative comments on the water, the reality of the blossoming mobsters, harm the country. 
　　  "Bubble one: how will the saint come out to clean up the evil remnants of the ge cult? 
　　  "Newtangsheng1: do you think this ge heel is accurate and tight? Strange, isn't it? 
　　  "The brahma sutra: ge immigration to invade Ben, everywhere nervous refresh. 
　　Xu: they are very advanced
　　  At least from the bottom of the body to think ge is a true saint, dead - hearted fanaticism. 
　　  If you have a mind to convince all the people, you are a saint. 
　　  "Unknown to users: government employees only. 
　　Cow side living: theory? That's another attempt to lick the communist anus
　　  Trying to pretend to be god Fall west hand affirmation dead body bone not to exist... He left evidence for himself: ＾wordofgod￣s. 
　　  Lick the communist and did not lick well, ride to malie MAO deng's head........... Ha ha. 
　　  Be broken body million piece soil total affirmation secretly happy... 
　　"Dark tide 493: what the hell is that?
　　  Since so strong, ask him to cut off oneself a hand, see can grow out, can grow out, I believe. 
　　  "The flying dragon in the sky: this world belief already enough, suggested ge god choose side station, give oneself a step down. 
　　  "Ge hua: the unity of chuangjiao. 
　　  "" small mang zhi deficiency: ＾wordofgod￣ ge pig people post everyday, is to think saint surname ge. 
　　  But tieba li is also a lot of ge, dao fengchuan's ge tutor, there are at least two more ge accounts, why do you think you are superior to them. I do not know that ge is not a great name, a saint it is incredibly so many of the name ge to contend for the holy, do not know how ge is in line with the prophecy ah. 
　　  Ge hua: ge, "two hands in the sky, two feet on the ground". 
　　Crows __ jing: recently, ge shen yomin posted this person is channeling
　　  Seeing their propaganda, many people think they are retarded and can't make a big fuss. 
　　  In fact, you don't know, their retarded propaganda means, is with your metacognition, let you in the depths of the soul unknowingly acknowledge his god. 
　　  They are government employees. 
　　  "Pilgrims ? : rough turned over your ＾wordofgod￣s, you wash the draft demotion, view all summary from already have data.Speaking also duplicates what others say.
　　Cow side living: ge yimin may also be the soil dog right money support
　　  Whether it is the cult of ge, lee or the dalai lama, it will be put on trial.. Guilty or not guilty, it's not up to you... Of course, it's not a local dog. 
　　  "Not kaka kaka: ge yimin was handsome when he was young, and now he is just a little fat. 
　　  The name of ge shen has become a sensitive word. 
　　  "Purple ? fairy: but that's just for the good of the devil, cholera. 
　　Yun zi 878: I wipe, and the people? It sounds like a bit of a propaganda
　　  "Run it: look at the main face, there is evil spirit, evil people build evil cult! 
　　  "" is not kaka kaka: a day out of god a little uncomfortable. 
　　  "Unknown to users: government XZP please. 
　　  "Paris in the water: with the government? No, that's him. 
　　  "Inexplicable than user: you ask relevant personnel, they know. 
　　You mean you're in league with them
　　  Do you agree with their group teaching? 
　　  Do you believe in and agree with gulaimin? 
　　  "Inexplicable than user: they are government please, I agree with the government. 
　　  Don't do anything right with them, or you'll be shot with an electric shock. 
　　  "XEQZGFRUMLK: I have felt your courage, understand the essence. 
　　  Mr Martin may not be a bad man himself.   What you said just confirms what I said. 
　　  "Inexplicable: you see, they do not care what you say, they have great authority, as long as refresh won. 
　　The scholar is an armchair strategist: ge yimin is a psychopath
　　  How you are exquisite, pretentious, high above, not the right way, shu qi that big mouth great. 
　　  "Grassland horse 121: how all is old ge's stick. 
　　  Guess it's almost closed. 
　　  It is a good thing to be a king. 
　　  Of course the king is yours. 
　　662、Little Titan 80: Since "Books Become Crape Myrtle"
　　"Siyi retranslated", then the real Azi should have his own work, and this should be his main idea.
　　Ge Dashen of Zhenjiang has persisted for so many years, always admiring his "Nervous", and there are some fans, count him!
　　"Liu141016: Is this person alone or has a team?
　　〃〃Yi Xiangtiankai: One person, more than 20 trumpets boast.
　　"Liu141016: Oh, I scolded him for a few days in the post bar 4.5 years ago. What are the geflowers and all the messy people come to me. Of course I know that people who have the ability don't brag about themselves, and it's impossible for gods to tell the world about him. is God.
　　"" Avatar himself ん: gym wins.
　　〃Skyrim Disintegration: Wangzhe's unique ideal of empty space.
　　
　　
　　I am not envious of ge, I think it is unreliable
　　  Misrule the country and misrule the people. 
　　  It's not the divine stick. 
　　  "Inexplicable than user: my party chose the agent ge yimin. 
　　  "By the degree of pueraria ＾wordofgod￣, considerable official intention, which itself seems to be a great irony. Human beings do not eliminate alien technology, alien technology will eliminate human. Tieba end already decided, just see now can still do some useful things. Of course, this is very difficult, thinking and thinking are related to birth and death. 
　　670, inexplicable than user: at least people have learned support
　　  "Fat pig in the wind fly: now many people say that they are leftover people, I think the eyes of the masses are bright, we will vote. 
　　1. Yu zhan
　　2. Zheng quefei
　　3. Guo yimin
　　  I'm stupid, I don't know who it is, but it's probably one of those three. 
　　  I think he must be a diligent and good young man. So, I vote for guo yimin. 
　　  Find the one who is left. 
　　Jessica said you waste: others baidu is listening to the master
　　  The master didn't say to seal it, but stayed put. It had nothing to do with the application. 
　　  The master likes the false news flooding, the ge family helps the strong entry is the master's instruction. 
　　  "(XEQZGFRUMLK) : the earth is gone. The ancient method of testing truth and falsehood was assassination. 
　　  A man who can't protect himself can expect to protect others? 
　　  A man who can't support himself can expect him to support his family? 
　　  Like an Indian rapist, he was arrested and locked up for trial and punishment. 
　　Duket: why is ge looking for abuse all over the Internet?
　　  I suddenly understood. 
　　  At first I thought he was just a boundless conceited saint of the paranoid, and then saw the nine wine lot turned the heart, only to find that he was wrong. 
　　  According to the book of mind, if a person is willing to be reviled, the next generation will be developed. 
　　  This is because, when a person is cursing others, can have white material, namely so-called merit morality transfers to the other party. If the other side scold back, then the merit and virtue transfer back to the other side. 
　　  Ge used the pasting machine, shui jun desperately posted his nonsense on the Internet, the purpose is to let everyone scold him, severely scold him, so that he can quickly accumulate merits and virtues. 
　　  As long as a person can get a lot of attention for a long time, whether curse or praise, is to get blessing, there will be a change of fate. The most typical case is sister lotus feng jie, long reviled by netizens, but finally successfully attacked. 
　　You look happy: ge wenmin is fifty cents, take money to post
　　  The ge party took money to post, intentionally make damage. 
　　  Ge zhimin is the man of mahli. 
　　  Most of the posters of saint human beings are those who believe in the divine Buddha. 
　　  Their purpose is to trample on the image of god, organized, planned, premeditated 
　　Ge is a communist. Didn't you see his propaganda?
　　  Red sun, the people's great savior, an idea invincible... These are true communist ideas. 
　　  Ge imitates this line of thought and spreads it everywhere. 
　　  Ge propagandizes is these thoughts, imitates the aging sun in that year's salvation propaganda. 
　　XEQZGFRUMLK: ge yi minxian is a cult
　　  He is then controlled by evil forces and eventually eats people. 
　　  "Dongxin qinglong: this person may be hung xiuquan reincarnation, big karma, many letters, not high level. 
　　  He has committed no crime in his life. It's fate to meet nanjing. 
　　  "" I'm Zhou Yan: the world has a rule is conserved scold people believe is more a time generally want to ge this 3 years if insist on nine years slowly letter is more people can stick to nine years to inhale the strength of feeling terrible you scold him, I say is a disguised form to help him because he was still very firm a lot of people caught up in this system the law you feng is a case study of the world. 
　　675, dao fengchuan: ge Jesus has too many parts, a little difficult
　　  Why did the state not crack down on the kris? They are too high profile to think. 
　　  I said long ago that crazy ge is playing a big game of chess. Report a, dozen scold scold to ge madman nothing. More poisonous in the back, ge madman to break up ge hua into a zero, cent to each, Yin hide ge hua identity, effort performance point, earn as small, possibly as big. Because a bar has two or three big seats, looking for opportunities in the original big bar, this bar will be crazy as ge. 
　　XEQZGFRUMLK: geimin is the wheel lee branch
　　  "Flying dragon in the sky: his completely shameless trick, is to attract people's eyeball, ignore can. 
　　  "Yi ye zhiqiu: ge they that is the matter of baidu. Baidu seal is very easy. But why not? Think for yourself. 
　　  "Pkenfn: ＾wordofgod￣s are invincible. 
　　  "Amelia: as you say, if you were god 
　　  So the balance of everything, the universe, the human world is your creation? 
　　  Since it is god, why not use your very strong ability to benefit human society? If the ability to be sealed, then who is the seal? 
　　  God created man and who created god?   Is it god who comes from the spiritual beliefs that humans place on? 
　　677, llts17: why does goshen set the date for 2019
　　  Anyone with a bit of a brain will not say a specific time to make himself the last laugh. The bible and prophecy also say that this time will not be known. The ge ＾wordofgod￣ has clearly stated the time, has proved its cult nature. On the other hand, the big picture is likely to be settled by 2019, and the jury will be out before then. But ge ＾wordofgod￣'s shift of vision, the mission of the spoiler has been completed, so ge ＾wordofgod￣ for any people's eyes and criticism will not care. 
　　Pbza0nos5: the most annoying spiritual bombing, ubiquitous ge - translated advertisement
　　  Forcing someone to know the name is as disgusting as a brain-platinum AD. 
　　  "Nine unknown thunder fire: force brainwashing, with malicious intent, good and evil have reported, the time did not arrive! 
　　  "" liangxiang 0612: a saint will never consider himself a saint, god ge will also suffer retribution, all those who pretend to be ziwei saints will fall to hell and be judged. Don't stand up for him, or you will come to the same fate. 
　　  I hope some people can see that they don't do some stupid things. 
　　0612 liangxiang: those who believe in ge, god and people
　　  It's no use saying more than that. I wish you were alive when crape myrtle saved the world! 
　　  "Koboloo: promising, no. Just. Someone has to be there first. How can anyone be there? 
　　  "The angry snail: the flag. 
　　  You look happy: you dog, day every day brush paste, who know you, you are notorious far. 
　　  "" strange to users: people received government money. 
　　  "Ge yimin: the violent evangelization of ge hua. Why does the government give me money? I'm independent. 
　　  "Inexplicable to the user: do not give you money you can hire water army? Don't be ridiculous. There must be some backstage after all this work. 
　　  "Ge yimin: 30 yuan, is ge hua tickle you. Unsealed, of course, baidu knows mine. 
　　  "Inexplicable than the user: do not tease, your name has been harmony ~ 
　　  Yes, names are sensitive words, at least celebrities. 
　　  You have a bunch of bots, a bunch of believers, and a lot of money to get things done. 
　　680, XEQZGFRUMLK: report this: "ge hua" human evil bar
　　This is a cult, and here's what it preaches:
　　1. Promoting unexamined so-called ＾wordofgod￣s. Its content is shallow, logic is funny.
　　2. It mainly advocates: "ge hua spreads violence", naked propaganda of violence and terror, and terrorizes the society.
　　3, this group organization everywhere everywhere to post vile to harass friend, often curse to give friend message: "you don't die we very impatient".
　　4. China is an atheist country, and our party explicitly stipulates that the party and relevant dignitaries are not allowed to be religious and superstitious. This one openly promotes superstition!!! To the country, to the society, to the individual already posed serious harm.
　　5, this bandit leader ge what people unexpectedly open to publicize want: ge hua spread violence, this is openly to party to society to mankind to earth of cheat world false name to die. Its behavior has exceeded bin laden and is standards, the hateful layer is comparable to the wheel.
　　6. How many families will suffer from the evil consequences of the cult, which is like a pyramid scheme where the leader essentially eats believers for a living?
　　7. The common trick used by the cult is to make false predictions, which is often false. In 19 years, the people of goyim became holy, became god, and realized socialism completely. Cheat believers.
　　8, hear this ge yi min not only like disorderly fart, have no matter also like the sex dip to play trick come of believer!!! True people god total indignity!!
　　  This report, hope to immediately shut, to stop the harm, to make an example. 
　　  Gurimin is a new branch of wheel. Gulaimin's methods are like wheels. 
　　Baidu banned ge from the market
　　  Ge yimin bar closed; 
　　  Related: jamey bar, god bar, Gospel bar, prophet bar, god bar, god bar, god party bar, etc. 
　　  Use your name as a tag; 
　　  Names into search terms; 
　　  The original search yielded about 13,000 results; 
　　  Know, picture, library also blocked; 
　　  This is the second round, a ge flower must be deleted hundreds of posts. 
　　682, llts17: "＾wordofgod￣s" are the scripture they worship
　　  That's what they're after. It's also the best description of them. But if everyone can reflect on themselves, is there a microcosm of themselves in it? For ＾wordofgod￣s are but the product of the union of Christian faith with communism. In reality, how many people, like them, confuse traditional culture with communist beliefs. Water and fire compatibility is just a different expression of "＾wordofgod￣s". 
　　  "People believe clan: have not heard of, only heard of Shinto religion. Communism is atheistic. And the cat will haunt you. 
　　  "Depraved and idle: did ge always accept younger brother? 
　　683, fufuhfd: ge yimin USES the post bar to publicize on the network very right
　　  He also thought it was good. Use the network very good very convenient, according to the past is the mouth of every household. 
　　  The saint does not publicize, does not face the public. How to get popular support? 
　　  The civil way of ge yi is right, but I don't recognize him as a saint. He belonged to the saint who was not accepted. I was among those who did not accept him. The reason we have a saint behind it is that we may one day recognize him, or no one will recognize him when he dies. 
　　  We can't curse them, it means that you are in a low state. Acceptance requires a process. 
　　  Why call somebody names. 
　　  Maybe only a saint you imagine would be approved of. The only thing you admit is the saint you have in mind... 
　　  But would the saint be in your imagination? Will it be in everyone's imagination among 1.3 billion people? 
　　  Everybody's saying, I think the saint is like... I don't know if you have a brain, but can you think of a saint? 
　　  Is the saint himself in thee? If it's not what you want, are you gonna say it again? 
　　  Whether it's true or false, there are opponents. And a lot. Maybe you and I will be among those who oppose the true saint. 
　　  No one is perfect, no one is perfect, and if a saint doesn't fit you, you... I can tell you explicitly that there are more than one fault of the saints, there are many. Should saints adapt to China's 1.3 billion people? 
　　Even though we can't see god, we can see kris
　　  Ge's purpose was to provide a market for atheism, to tarnish the name of god. 
　　  "" clear stream customers: has become the territory of the ge family help, the top. 
　　  "Xu: I am very strange, other once saints how all disappeared, left alone this Po ho ho post. 
　　685, old monk into the bottom _ : "the ＾wordofgod￣" read the proficiency
　　  I believe he was inspired. 
　　  "The fall of idleness: post bar strange phenomenon 
　　  Some people come to spray people, and people stop refresh, attracted by some people to spray people content. 
　　  When some people stop spraying, the pueraria brush up their ＾wordofgod￣s again. 
　　  "Longchufei: review status: in the official approval 
　　  Application speech: ten firm datong bar was created by me. At this stage, it is mainly to collect some good articles for the bar friends to learn. But now ge yimin is coming, the bar has more and more negative energy, so the bar needs management. Also please give me a chance to baidu, I will lead by example, put an end to psychosexuality, manage this well, hongyang sinology, revitalize China. Strictly abide by baidu regulations, abide by the national law. Unite the masses of friends, hope post management group audit passed. 
　　VA1001: someone or organization is doing damage in the name of borrowing
　　  Ge could be replaced by something else, like banana guava. 
　　  He's just trying to make it look ridiculous, and he's also implying that the sages are just as stupid as ge. 
　　  King of Asia in Beijing: ge has killed me. 
　　  "" infinite celestial: this princess suddenly have an idea, perhaps have lizard person impersonation ge yimin also perhaps, true ge yimin estimated by the dark forces to be imprisoned up... We can't rule out whether the real people are saints or not Princess Ben decided to continue the investigation! 
　　Wuji celestial: who are you?
　　  Why can't you, princess Ben? It's strange! Why do you see so many people targeting you every day? What is your identity? 
　　  And what do you have to do with my future husband? Are you trying to kill my husband? Call on [upon] as you wish 
　　Ge ＾wordofgod￣ particularly annoying people, has reached the point of everyone Shouting dozen, in the Internet everywhere guano, by the whole network blocked. Still do not think about repentance, but to be banned pride.
　　  "Boundless heavenly father: originally ge yimin is Jesus elder brother, Ben princess understood... 
　　Princess Ben will post some transmission work later. Tell me about Jesus and the Lord...
　　"Look at you happy ah: the Chinese sage bar and do not know him? I helped him advertise something.
　　688, kkhas5708: kris hong said
　　1 gym claims to be god, and hung xiuquan claims to be god's savior.
　　2 gym's "＾wordofgod￣" is probably inspired by Christianity, and hong xiuquan's "god worship" is also influenced by western missionaries.
　　3 gym graduated from nanjing university. The capital of taiping heavenly kingdom founded by hong xiuquan happens to be nanjing.
　　4 gym was born on January 26, 1969. G is the consonant of ge pinyin, and ge is a 12 painting
　　1969 is 1, 9, 6, 9
　　  9-1 = 1, 6-2 = 4 9-2-6 x 8 = 1 
　　  Q.E.D 
　　He is the son of the father. Listen to him.
　　XEQZGFRUMLK: geimin is the wheel lee branch, the means to go exactly the same
　　  It's a pity he's so lawless that no one has control over him! That's more than an Indian rapist. 
　　  "Zzj081495: what the hell was that goshen or something? Why did everyone shout. 
　　  "Dao fengchuan: I have seen the materials of baidu ziwei saint in 2014, and he is one of the top ten lists named as saint. 
　　  In recent months, ge has become a swarm of locusts, a real nuisance. 
　　  "Keyneson: I suspect he's trying to save himself because his character (stink) is fixed, so: 
　　1, fishing (this article can still be ok, I can also, plus the net also to play some ground fire.
　　2. It is a line that causes others to think and think. Those who have no purpose will be led to normal.
　　3. Stigma. Holy names are like dung. He would be mad if he had lost his mind or had a bottom. So I think he's the bait to save himself.
　　  King Edward: ge ＾wordofgod￣ is known as the divine rod. Nobody spoke to him. 
　　Tao fengchuan: ge hua, you all listen to me!
　　Ge hua, if you do not want to be defined as a cult, and like other cults by the state to flee to foreign countries, the end is not to see the dead bodies, you will continue to slaughtering every day!
　　Before in China when small bar when you do not feel how disgusting, but these months to see you like swarms of locusts across a few posters, it is really disgusting! Annoying!
　　Ge yimin, since you like being classified as a cult so much, then I will complete you, you will soon be hit by the national public security bureau.
　　Jesus, Marx and ge changed the world.
　　Big9199: ge YM is ZF certified!
　　Of course cattle! The signature?   Others are going to big business! Be successful!   You think study ge YM carry a title everyday sit on top everyday of sweet fire of silly not xi xi.
　　Whoami3512: shut up and give me a girlfriend for life. Follow you to the end.
　　Pooh is an international dish. It is a tool for hiding in the dark and under the control of the church.
　　"-- XLF965800: the good thing about ge hua is that he acknowledges that there are gods in this world!
　　Jade of white crystal: ge yimin rubbish is sensitive word
　　  It's like the wheels of garbage. 
　　  I was puzzled, since be sensitive vocabulary, you should be blocked them all on baidu tieba. 
　　  Maybe I should look into x and y. 
　　  How to start a business. 
　　  Let's see if the god makers are cheating money among the people. 
　　  Recently this system has been helping them cut posts. 
　　  Why would you guys be there all the time refresh's gonna be ok. 
　　  My multi-point on the system deleted. 
　　  You are getting more and more irrepressible. 
　　  No fun, no fun. You guys keep cheating. The country does not care about you, I also ha ha. 
　　  Whatever you do. 
　　  It's your garbage. 
　　  With you black sheep, I have no hope for the Chinese dragon. Be a lion asleep in napoleon's mouth. 
　　Chinese in the 694 and 2l centuries: [to tell the truth], < ge yi min >
　　= < method loss > = < street rats are notorious >.
　　  The point is that its existence is doubtful. 
　　"Lin xiaoshui: they only dream endless dreams and let people dream with them.
　　Dao fengchuan: I just said it the day before yesterday
　　  Said ge hua will soon be hit by the national public security bureau. 
　　  "Ningjian raise moral: the way saint female, excuse me" soon "is how long? Let's make a bet. Not much. $1,000. 
　　  No matter how many words it contains, the believers it teaches are you who take critical remarks as proof of yourself. Do you strive for shame? 
　　  "Ge hua: record history. 
　　XEQZGFRUMLK: "ge hua" bar is closed
　　  Who says my fight and reporting is not working? 
　　  Of course, behind the success of the pain to see a lot of, such as the pain of paying, phone, the pain of staying up late, the pain of harassment, do not understand the pain, misunderstanding pain. 
　　  > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > yeah. 
　　Water cut pupil: turn the book into crape myrtle
　　  Is this book the ＾wordofgod￣ of ge yimin? 
　　  What is the content of his ＾wordofgod￣? Curiosity killed me. 
　　  "Bu dejection: the scripture of god must be called" ＾wordofgod￣ "? That kai is not about the moon goddess is called "menstruation", about the sun god is called "nikkei"? 
　　  Dog fisherman, I heard your ＾wordofgod￣ is very well written. Force, dog flowers all clap hands weigh good. I also admire your talent, so particularly looking forward to your new works published! 
　　  "By XEQZGFRUMLK: there's someone behind him. 
　　Heavenly book 72: as long as you don't teach like crazy
　　  You don't have to. Whoever wants to have a good time will have a good time. 
　　  World cults like David in the United States and omu in Japan. The influence is relatively big, but in the United States and Japan military police to seize, the owner of the family, not a dog like li bang mole, forced to run along the urethra. Why don't they run and commit suicide with the churchmen? Are they stupid? No, they're smart. Why can't they run? Because when they started teaching, they called themselves gods. Is that still god? Only people run for their lives. So they're not going to run away. Just like Jesus, his disciples prepared Jesus for any escape before he was crucified, but Jesus refused to escape. Why? Because Jesus calls himself the son of god, and if Jesus runs away, that proves that Jesus is false, just a cowardly common man. Simple as this, even ge madman understand, the first two years, ge madman cried and shouted to go to prison, also forged the court's verdict. However, the patriarch of the son (li bang nevus) did run away because he was scared out of his wits. If black eldest brother throw down little younger brother oneself run, that can't have a little younger brother will follow him again. It's that simple, but it doesn't make sense. So you deserve to be raped. 
　　Jzd1595030547: seal ge hua benefit the country and the people
　　  Foreshadowing the foresight of the Internet police or the government... 
　　But the ban is only a watch, the root of its evil, will be reignited...
　　"Wjt111167: they can't be.
　　  It is not a matter of benefiting the country and the people, but a matter of deceiving them. 
　　  "Jzd1595030547: you can't see the depths of the evil... 
　　If ge X people really is central launched... Then the question will be done by the center...
　　700, bai shuijing on her: are you blow wheels lee
　　  Create your new psycho. 
　　  "Yansha, half-town: ge's history and purple st. indeed have something to do with his love of the special purple students allow him to do so I can do nothing. 
　　  "Heaven book 72: you're taking half the life of crazy ge. Crazy ge said he is a saint, you are scolding him. 
　　The cooking doesnt care: you put yourself before Jesus and Marx
　　  You're the boss. 
　　  "Ge yimin: ge ya ma = ge e min, the original is yima ge, to follow the advice of netizens to change. 
　　  Precious: the rhythm of your death subverts my view. 
　　702, newtangsheng1: what kind of person is ge yi min in reality?
　　  "Inexplicable than user: loser, even do not have pension. 
　　  "Newtangsheng1: the government also set him as a sensitive word, not a visible government.. I also took... 
　　Don't worry about him. How big a storm can you make? As a negative teaching material, the government is not a merit!
　　  "XEQZGFRUMLK: seal off this source of evil, the rogue leader. All the pain, all the ban from it. 
　　
　　703. This brother ge, your courage and quality of integrity, light and honesty are admirable
　　  Your ＾wordofgod￣s have a point too, and your name and career have become household names in st. When it comes to the power of spreading the truth, you are worthy of being the god of spreading the sages. 
　　  Whbin001: despite his megalomania, he falsely claimed to be holy. But he dared to show his identity card. 
　　  "Koboloo: with a gun and a shot in the head, we all know how to balance each other. 
　　  "Frozen pure water - shuang: why didn't god ge people show us great miracles on the earth? 
　　  "Ge hua: neurovision book. 
　　
　　How long can a cigarette burn? God ge is really a god
　　  God told me in the dream yesterday! 
　　  "Ge hua: may god speak to seven billion people. 
　　  "A1b2c3: feeling ge is not bad, so many people swear and say nothing, should be a god, at least ge did not offend me, much better than some. 
　　  At least they can write books, can you? 
　　  "Wjt111167: god is a elder brother. 
　　Brother 2019 is king forever.
　　705, XEQZGFRUMLK: other people provoke you other people are ordinary people
　　  Oh, it turns out that the ge god you advertised is a common man?? Foolishly you were dismissed, the guhua believer is not qualified. 
　　  After a period of struggle with the layout, there is no doubt that: 
　　1. Wishful thinking: the appearance of facial features induced by such human spirit also shows this. 
　　2. Many chief complaints: because no one approves, it is more stimulating and harder to propagandize the will in the heart, and it keeps Posting randomly, hoping others to approve.
　　For he has never stood on high, nor realized the truth. Cause the speech to be full of loopholes and contradictions. Logic funny!! No example can be given. -- become the butt of jokes, especially from the top.
　　4. Remember that your characteristic is illusion. Illusion: your big eye also proves this point.
　　5. All those who can be cheated by you can only be poor people at the bottom, and those who are hit and brought down are impossible to find people at the top. Because your illusion and existence win win contrary, cannot win cannot win cannot save cannot live final outcome is: mental illness! How can I trust you?
　　Ruthless and cold like: to tell you the truth, uncle ge changed his temper. It's not very pleasant
　　  Is it not good to be loved by all? 
　　"EQZGFRUMLK: you can't, because you can't be bad.
　　  If you try to be bad, you can't be bad. Because the sky is. This is your life. 
　　  > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > 
　　707. And another set of ＾wordofgod￣s written by others
　　The ＾wordofgod￣, chapter 23, the testimony of saints
　　The magic of the taskmaster: kris, the ＾wordofgod￣, is your witness
　　(but not the one you wrote yourself)
　　708, Gou Sa niej: when god turn my back, ge would he stand up
　　"XEQZGFRUMLK: gurimin created the kudhuo group by saying that he visited the famous Hindu cleric singh and was pardoned by him.
　　", "city of bandar ah, cut wood straight up earth and tooth GeYiMing is America 杳 filial piety antichrist ~ ~
　　Ge yiming is an American drill and the eagle is satan
　　Whbin001: since reading ＾wordofgod￣, got nervous disease, whole person spirit much.
　　God's cherub: goshen is the sun.
　　Oh, how come you didn't see the name of god ge in the bible
　　"Eiet: Lord ge is the father of all beings in the universe!
　　We will support god ge, who is the red sun in our hearts.
　　Good ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　710, inexplicable than the user: unfortunately ge hua that group of people are a split personality
　　"Oh little girl: also quick, because senior wu3 ma3 hua, his purpose is to seal, whole day refresh, under his operation, don't know how many seal off.
　　"" Gou Sa niej: good saint. When did you marry ge shen as a concubine?
　　"Zixi shengkai: in your eyes is the Gospel, in the eyes of others are junk!! Be like to have a meal, eat a kind of vegetable everyday, can disgusting arrive vomit!! What you do, it is repellent!!
　　Lake water oo: ge's income is good, but his mind is empty
　　"Le shan 2017: although Chinese and western civilizations originated from one place, the light, sound, nature and people are separated, different systems, different causes and different roots, why don't they understand the three local religions and separate Christianity and communism? Doing god's work without people? It is unknown Chinese inheritance, the original position is reversed!!!
　　"Zd1595030547: immortality? Nature kills... This is challenging the sky, the low line of the road ah! On the 9th, when the wind blows, you will know the fools and fools!
　　To believe in the purple is better than to believe in the people
　　"Star, son: since you ge god lives in the world so difficult and painful, die in their own Gospel dream.
　　I ask you, what can you do for the common people?
　　"Ge hua: communist eternal life.
　　Pueraria: god is great, who wants to reform the minds of others
　　You should use his famous words to say to him that you do not believe in god, and do not want to die, and also use your behavior and thoughts to standard the whole world values, so that sentient beings run in the way you think!! We are in a dilemma.
　　"Knowledge and desire: Gregory to that.
　　Wherever ge Ym went, nothing grew.   Powerful.
　　"Black cat attack jun: suddenly feel baidu become his fan's visual sense......... She went wherever he went.
　　"Knowledge and desire: ge has no way out, decades of painstaking efforts, now let him admit mistakes, that life is what? What are you? Oneself is not that kind of most muddled laughing matter! So is knowing what also is not, also want to force the scalp to go down.
　　"Null: he must be a million pieces of the body, he put all the saints have been killed.
　　"Knowledge and desire: in his view, it is a fight for truth, although purely selfish, but he will not recognize.
　　These profession call holy of all bitterness, ge inputs big, also played a few silly female. The human progress chart, invested a little bit, but did not play women.
　　714, 714, Geara_Zulu: who's number one in the online world? I think it's kris
　　His real name has become a sensitive word, enjoying the treatment of national leaders.
　　"Soldier wei wei father: as expected can not fight out.
　　Kuvatroshaya: it is said that the grinch participated in an event for nearly a year.
　　"Yada temple chengmei: gym is better than other Internet philosophies in terms of education, living conditions and profitability.
　　"> frequent family: the god of network philosophy, four major network philosophy to listen to him.
　　The concept of ge is mixed with positive and negative ideas
　　And you will be influenced by his ideas.
　　Follow him I'm afraid you'll fall to the worst of the spiritual realm.
　　Ge not wrong, but I don't think of his theoretical ideas, have already deviated from the nature of Jesus taught, he tended to external balance does not focus on internal, real, tangible without his ideas advocated by many is not necessary, you are inclined to him, is also a very meaningful thing, you have to try to understand why he had shown up for development will be independent, the school is learning the experience of self growth and to help others.
　　"Ge hua: because god still has the right to speak.
　　"Ren ping 0903: you don't think the kao shen stick and its adherents are so enigmatic. According to my observation and analysis of the occurrence and development of a series of events, there is no fundamental relationship with them.
　　"Silent night sky: at least, they are known by a large number of people, showing that their diffusion effect has been very effective.
　　716. Ren ping 0903: they dare not party in real life
　　In those cases, the report may violate relevant regulations.
　　"Rural remarks: according to my reasoned that ge big fairy should be used, above seems a nostril, finished using, such as in the packing, otherwise, he won't stupid to the sealing of the forbidden, and to meet the holy justice against give oneself increment countless opponents, ge big fairy movements in the national security of the equipment to monitor, day and night just ge big fairy doesn't know where cell phone signals can enter, for this night vision equipment peeping at a glance.
　　I don't think you guys are stupid. You're just crazy.
　　"The judge of the universe: lun zi shakes the body to change ge hua, baidu tieba wu group, already have lun zi to mix in.
　　Are the figs good to eat? 6he is god. Believe in him, pointing
　　But I've lost the right to cry for you.
　　It was lucky to meet you.
　　I joined the church voluntarily and became a loyal member of ge hua.
　　When ge teaches, I am. When ge teaches, I perish.
　　718, rural message: they may be backstage west
　　Their aim is to turn against the holy one, and their aim is to make it clear, just to seal it. !
　　"The judge of the universe: ge bi is to fight the peripheral resources and positions. You know what I mean by playing peripheral resources and positions?
　　719. Taurus lamborghini LP: why do you refuse to believe
　　Ge yimin is really a ＾wordofgod￣.
　　I don't understand. Believe him to be a ＾wordofgod￣. You don't have to die. Don't ge very helpless r (s _ t) q. Why not everyone?
　　> > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > well, you don't believe in ＾wordofgod￣s, you don't want to die.
　　Detective K: Grimm, you are so arrogant. Is nobody in charge of you?
　　Of course no one, the ge is also the people is a saint to the world, to save the world, only he a saint!
　　"Beidou scan: beyond Jesus? Jesus can rise from the dead, can you? Your theory is not to kidnap god, there may be some ground to occupy.
　　The theory of god is a theory of nature or a combination of successive days.
　　A priori theory is incisive and simple. The postnatal theory is a theory which is flourishing and unmixed, or a theory which is unspeakable.
　　721. Freetelescope: like Lenin
　　Build a new country again, shameless!
　　"Beidou scan: god eye: geshen is only a people, you do not fall into the trap.
　　"Anti-soup aid jie wu: it has what ability to talk about the mountain. It's a big deal.
　　The name equals no: Mr. Ge
　　See you next: psychosexuality has to be a little strong to fool the publishing company into signing up as a writer.
　　"" mujie man black spray: haven't seen him for a long time ＾wordofgod￣.
　　"Frozen pure water - shuang: it seems that ge yiming believers many ah.
　　Li ju nan: Lao ge has been on fire recently
　　Snakes snakes snakes snakes he is a silly dog who thinks he can get on such a fire. In fact, we all use him as a fart and end up driving him to the headstand.
　　"Frozen pure water???????????????????????????
　　"Li ju nan: beheading is unlikely? No bad thing to see him do?
　　They give away the bible for nothing. To whom does he sell his ＾wordofgod￣?
　　Cold and pure water - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
　　Li junan: I guess he can't sell it. I won't buy it anyway.
　　I am not old ge fire, or someone else old ge has a way.
　　Ge shen's book has been on taobao for four years and sold out only one
　　He's only got his BBS online so far. Do you think he's hot?
　　"Ge hua: EBAY e-book, BBS has a click.
　　"Inexplicable than the user: click more than 10 times a day, usually you go in.
　　"Ge hua: there are several religious communities.
　　Pangu purple: the gangs of ge immigrants are old names
　　Bar age is very long, more than 100 people post.
　　Snakes snakes snakes snakes he used a Posting machine.
　　"" pangu purple: that bar age all is a few years.
　　Snake snake: he's been around for 13 years.
　　"Wryipcxz: ge makes money.
　　Snake snake: no.
　　"Wryipcxz: well.
　　Beidou scan: what do you mean:
　　Are you dreaming of killing people who don't believe in "＾wordofgod￣s"? If so your ＾wordofgod￣ is no longer necessary to exist, it is completely a cult.
　　Just because you say this has already decided "evil", do not know it!
　　Your theory is a communist theory, not a divine one.
　　
　　Beidou scan: you are the creator of ge
　　You are his elder. Otherwise I give him a communist assistant engineer, where does the communist let him assistant assistant.
　　"Imbalance2014: ge hua has been running wild for years.
　　Red god: I think you look like Jesus. Leave your hair as long as Jesus, and people will think you are Jesus when they see you.
　　Heng wu smiled and said, don't say that ge really looks like a saint!
　　"Elder brother 9 centimeters: the ability of ge hua miscellaneous soldier and ge wing bird is what, help me think.
　　"" unknown to users: the skills of course repeat that sentence.
　　"Beidou scanning: ge hua is not talking about ＾wordofgod￣s, it is the communist scripture.
　　"The inhabitant on windmill: hurriedly let your ge what teacher leadership masonic meeting, too match!!
　　729. Delete "ge yimin" from the list of sensitive words on baidu post bar
　　(group manager) ge yimin (50914333) 
　　Lost, do not enjoy country level treatment.
　　730 beidou scan: god ge is not so guilty
　　It's not the cultural revolution. Get rid of the theory.
　　"Hzm1298821925: the self-proclaimed can not escape, because they robbed not their fords, natural god will not save them, since doing so has the heart to prepare, nonsense can be forgiven, but make such a big harm to yourself, he has been trapped in his own saints, let him glorious sacrifice.
　　If you can't do it, if you can't do it, you should be able to fly up and down in the sky, I may call you a saint, but you can only haggle, you should also be called brainwashing, is also a pyramid marketing is also a fraud, you should know that the interests of the small boat to turn over, but also want to be a million teach the Lord, and finally pit his own.
　　The spinning world 39: the name of ge shen cannot be typed out
　　That it has been taken seriously at the highest levels.
　　We are in a dilemma if you do not believe in ＾wordofgod￣s and refuse to die.
　　"Depending on the day slay dragon 2014: believe the ＾wordofgod￣ in the mouth of ge yimin to spit out such words! Is ＾wordofgod￣ a divine scripture? The light from this sentence see, the ＾wordofgod￣ of ge is mental disease!
　　"The first purple saint of the state uniform: there is ge this big tree in us can speak freely.
　　The more active god ge is, the safer we will be.
　　Schizophrenia is nothing: there is a bible, sutras, quran, there must be ＾wordofgod￣s!
　　"Ge hua: ge shen is alive, and there is.
　　"Xiaolong 5561: ge haimin completed the explosion of the Lord.
　　"Detective K in black: ge haomin, post god like existence, as long as you input ge haomin, he will appear.
　　734, inexplicable than user: ge yimin that disabled people now foreigners know him
　　This man is an Internet guru, obsessed with money.
　　He posted messages all over the pipeline at station B.
　　"Big brother 9 cm: this guy I found out while watching someone else live.
　　"I know the saint who: brother ge, the people who know the current affairs are handsome, ah, live their own life line, you in the cow force also can't how, can only harm oneself.
　　"Ziwei ge yimin: belief is not wrong, belief in ge sheng yi people is also faith.
　　"The sea of vicissitudes moon bright jade 13: so many gei people's stick, the host delete it, influence see a post.
　　Anonymous WCF: god of ge yi people
　　Information:
　　Perhaps resistance can only hurt, my calculation is incomparable.
　　Link the soul you and I lie down and offend the galactic supership.
　　Attack the earth's surface station, nuclear round - bomb inland war.
　　Grinch's ＾wordofgod￣s refused to die, provoking an alien earthquake.
　　Rascal shoe wine matchless on, real person quick dozen want to realize!
　　The bathhouse buddy is in a rush, and obeying makes you super free!
　　736. Mercia: only "ge shen" dared to print the identity card
　　Other people "ge god" dare to do dare to be, this is this is the first river lake personage -- other people only the intention to commit adultery scold person rumor, lose the face of the party central!
　　He "ge shen" dare to dare to expose the identity card, this courage other people can not ~ worthy of the party central committee.
　　
　　"Heaven and earth inadvertently: the saint! Can't come down, you how call saint that.
　　737, anonymous WCF: rational discussion on how to treat Gershwin's work
　　Since early 2017, when pig and its followers' dog houses, such as "prophet bar" and "revelation bar", were completely destroyed, it has often been active in "Chinese saint bar" and "ge bar" (the Chinese saint bar itself is also some wonderful and profound cyber philosophy, which was recently almost occupied by ge pig). As far as I can see, there are about 150 missionaries for ge pig, including ge pig's own trumpet and brainwashed believers. Recently, the disciple of ge zhu came to the flute bar to send his mother, presumably you have seen.
　　For the time being, we can divide them into several categories: the first type is stupid and happy, such as zhang jie, Yang fan and wang keren, which should be developed vigorously. The second kind is Chen weirong, yellow lame such stupid and not happy, should be expelled. The ge pig monopolizes a kind, is not stupid not happy just bad, does the theory itself is also a kind of shoe to teach, should crack down hard to dry its rotten!
　　Ge pig has a characteristic, is often self - search, and online scolding its words into the "＾wordofgod￣" in the mad reread. It is said that in the early years of his frantic proselytizing, brush up 15 philosophy categories posted on the bar was banned, the name has become sensitive words, but it also opened a number of small continued to brush.
　　Big pig's head is peeping at screen, I have been income ＾wordofgod￣ reread, too terrible.
　　Blood_rabo: cult I know
　　It is ge yimin who still has nearly two years left.
　　"Kris iii: the purple saint did not wake up.
　　God ge is going to replace him.
　　Long live god ge.
　　Ditto: I don't know, maybe!
　　"The resident on windmill: do not replace, you are now, hurriedly raise a brand small star to let you play ~
　　Mingzhe blowing snow: ge ＾wordofgod￣ yimin
　　Even admit yourself why is rampant is not purple holy self-righteousness, say what also replace you have self-knowledge? Do you have any brain followers said you have to die then you can put all of the points to to try to let I cling to me let me see your ability you are afraid of death will die TM I tell you what is your protection - vanity of nausea.
　　"Ge hua: that is not ge god, is ge god iii.
　　Eiet: don't believe god ge!
　　A letter may go where you absolutely don't want to go! Ge has been registered! He has to take it! If you want to go, believe it! Don't say I didn't advise you!
　　If you believe, you will never live!
　　Why don't we let goshen come out to save the world? We have something to look forward to.
　　Mr. Ge is just an ordinary man
　　Extremely common! If orca is god, everyone is god, and inanimate beings are not god! Please be informed! Including microorganisms as well!
　　Go to hold a sign, I want to think, 400 thousand words want to hold thousands of signs, really suggest you take your host to go to the door of provincial municipal government to publicize to show your "＾wordofgod￣", a provincial municipal party committee gate want to hold thousands of signs, then the country is not hundreds of millions of signs? Let's start making signs. Why bother arguing with people here? The government has accepted the promotion of nature to the whole world.
　　Don't attack ge
　　Old ge now regrets of all almost cry.
　　Become my party's tool not to say, still can not fall well.
　　"Inexplicable than user: his qq has been blocked.
　　"Live a natural life 49: old ge now all don't drop what don't say, return make of..........
　　"Inexplicable than the user: people are afraid of the famous pig fear strong.
　　The key is to be used and used as a tool by our party. And it stinks.
　　"Inexplicable than user: ge big ye can not be happy from now on brush post.
　　"Live a natural life 49: the brush post is not old ge dry, is his" fans ". I'm sure they are all members of our party.
　　I am sure that the so-called fans of ge are all members of our party.
　　I'm going back and forth.
　　Put an old ge is not a person! Either you take ge as a talent, or let him disappear. Make them disappear.
　　I feel sorry for ge.
　　"Brother has a big appetite: yes, it seems that the sage surnamed ge is a true saint.
　　Live a natural life like Lao ge and master li
　　None of this is a situation in which you're playing well. Impossible!
　　These are the information that comes from inside our party high level! At the very least, the party's top brass has cracked the prophecy and can be sure this is the case for The Times. A lot of work needs to be done to disrupt the event.
　　Master li's success is one of them. Lao ge and all the sanctified ones on the Internet, or those who want to be sanctified, are the products of our party's response to this event!
　　Why does this kind of work appear in our society at a critical moment? And basically all appeared at about the same time in the 90s!!!!
　　There is only one explanation, and my party deliberately manipulated it.
　　Because to my party, the principle and essence, is must not allow another religion to appear!!!!! On the contrary, people or things of the so-called religious nature of these societies appear in large Numbers. Is that a coincidence? Never.
　　These people will be bold! Dare to publicly consecrate.
　　Master li, it was an accident.
　　My party did not expect master li so easy success! And, in the end, it got out of hand. Must clean up!
　　My party to this matter, implemented huge system project!!!!!
　　It was more difficult than it was for America and the west. And the price is higher!!!
　　Because they can be sure that this matter is more important than foreign enemies like the United States!!!!
　　Of course, it's not just the people who call them saints, or who want to call them saints, who want to take advantage of this opportunity.
　　We all have this mentality of pursuing success.
　　Of course my party understands all this.
　　So any of them, who are called holy, have been actively defensive, controlling them so as not to become another master lee.
　　They are just a tool for our party!!!
　　"Ge hua: ge shen has nothing to do with TG.
　　"Live for a cheesy 49: pull!
　　I confess that I will not publicly insinuate such things as Lao ge. It's a tacit endorsement.
　　Similar to, remind! Or a plot to make them think it's an opportunity and not about me. They did it themselves. Then I will have the absolute conditions for maneuver and control.
　　In black: who is god and people? You talk about him all the time
　　There's his channel on the tube.
　　Turbidity itself: believe in the salvation of the benefit people, listen to him.
　　"Eiet: god ge told himself that he had never believed! Don't lie to yourself and others!
　　Better than users inexplicable: ge bi than other network zhe is much better
　　Eiet: the annihilation of the universe at the age of ge cheng god!
　　"Dazzling jun: why was it blocked? Because this fellow is afraid of ge, afraid of him in case he is a saint, so dare not close the gang of posts, and then let people with the kui cult gang as a reason closed it.
　　"The oneness of man and nature: modern socialism intends to create a form that parallels the teachings of the jesuits. Because it argues that everyone is an absolute tool.
　　It could be that someone has kept us in captivity and wants to learn from our civilized technology what they don't have.
　　The unity of man and nature: the ＾wordofgod￣ of kris, a wise man will not believe
　　God was so anthropomorphic, and he created the universe in imitation of god in the bible, which christians now know to be false.
　　"Millennium singer fly: troublemaker?
　　I don't know, these people can't understand what they're talking about.
　　"Inexplicable than user: on his mother a madman to learn wheel cult.
　　"Left out ten thousand years: I also show this thing to my classmate, he said this person shi lezhi.
　　"Millennium singer fly: this man is psychosexuality perfect.
　　747, black ground adjustment: there is ＾wordofgod￣ complete set on the tubing
　　Still sound, even picture.
　　"Hzm1298821925: he spread the seal of the beast, what would the result be?
　　Yiyu zhanshen (yiyu zhanshen) : this is just a trivial mole ant. Its level is even less than li shaozhi of wheel zi. I don't even bother to post about it. It's not even a cult.
　　Wuyuan records of mountains and seas: I never thought you would dare to mention Nietzsche
　　Nietzsche's most famous quote is :" one drink, god is dead." Nietzsche's superman theory refers to transcending oneself. This sentence and the highest level of maslow's needs is one meaning, unbridled taken out of context, you are really shameless! Anyone with a bit of philosophical common sense knows that Nietzsche is against Christianity. You use the bible, not even the name of a change to create a ＾wordofgod￣ is enough to make people laugh, and now even dare to use the name of Nietzsche posted, you really do not want to die fast enough ah. Do you really think this is full of people who have never read books and are easily fooled?
　　"Ge hua: the ＾wordofgod￣ is Christian communism, also inherited from Nietzsche, there are many Nietzsche remarks.
　　God ge, Jesus left Christianity to the world
　　Marx left communism to the world, Nietzsche left superman to the world. With what you do not do, pick up a pick up other people's tooth hui, can be a book said, thousands of years. Don't be ridiculous. Two of the three you're talking about are anti-christ crusaders. You really dare knead, meet you this meaning, is this plan connect you to calculate to sit on the table mahjong?
　　"Ge hua: ge yerma GYM
　　Wuyuan zhi: ge shen, can you look at capital theory?
　　Don't you think Max would jump up at the sight of your masterpiece? What is dialectical materialism? Is it easy to get out of the frame of dialectical materialism? The real god is out. Why don't you call him Allah? I don't know if you've ever been to a Muslim store. There's a plaque in the store. You know what? Not welcome, but god is the only true god, and Mohammed is his messenger. Save it! All right?
　　> > > > > > > > > > > yeah, you're a little good. Do not embrace the outdated east east, ＾wordofgod￣ 400,000 words, ge shen to big.
　　Heng wu smiled and said, my mother, god ge
　　Ling er cried and shouted to marry you, has run away from home.
　　God ge, you poor and pitiful spirit, seize the time to Kyoto, grateful!
　　"Inexplicable than the user: his ＾wordofgod￣ is copied other people, even dreams are copied other people.
　　>>soulofname: guess how old this person is? Be so childish, god, god, is not everyone worship you to be satisfied, oh! It was like never before. I had to work harder.
　　Beidou scan: the actors and goddesses from there are all ge hua
　　Is it true or false? Do not do the thing of tort!
　　"Black ground tune: besides ge good yi min also can talk about other?
　　All day long every people every people.
　　753, xi leng feng: ge is the criminal gang great evil pole
　　The biggest ge hua than the user inexplicable same damn ~
　　Don't think you don't know what's going on behind your back, you're famous in the capital archives, ha-ha.
　　Look at this posture, Ben and quickly called "ge bar" ~ do not know who lost the face! Is really of...
　　Spruce: the great satan.
　　Black ground: god ge on the oil tube replied to me
　　The Lord of ge.
　　How many pueraria?
　　Is there a hundred thousand?
　　"Ge hua: 100,000 ge hua 100,000 soldiers.
　　"Edible oil: as expected, ge zhu was appointed by the court.
　　>>> summer Sylph: in fact, I don't know who the host is now, but I feel god's annoyance when I see various water stickers of gym. Alas!
　　755, black tone: there are many words to sing zhenjiang jinshan
　　On the golden hill of zhenjiang,
　　Chairman ge was the golden red sun.
　　Ge yimin has become a sensitive word.
　　"Dark tide 493: now people are not so easy to cheat, no one pay attention to them.
　　"2012 yishun fengfan: even his son to use to create a friendly image, too bad.
　　>>> black tones: every year there are many people to zhenjiang pilgrimage?
　　756, black ground tone: please do not believe ge good also civilian of can go to hell?
　　"The supreme: yes.
　　Ge is god.
　　"Ge hua: no, universal salvation.
　　Spring of cx123001: if you don't believe in yourself, you will go to hell. If you don't believe in yourself, you will go to heaven.
　　Whbin001: if hell doesn't get under it, there's no place for it.
　　No imprisonment, no destruction of evil.
　　757. Fry DE fish: the fact that the master has not been killed speaks volumes
　　"Black tone: true people believe in ge god yi min.
　　You're killing me.
　　I don't think so.
　　Think all the time is song yi min?
　　"Reliable meng xianhe: this did not see all ge (god) yimin.
　　Someone believed it?
　　758, black tones: zhenjiang is a clone of songyimin
　　"Light snow provisional 04: liu yifei is monitored, this is normal, because liu yifei once and that who, on the bed...
　　"Black tones: G yimin.
　　Fengch8260: neither hammer nor chi-chi.
　　Flowers for nothing read a book of ge's vision
　　It is simply unsightly. He said a lot of dreams, and I was very knowledgeable about them. After all, I could have lucid dreams. His evaluation is a cultural-human frame. I can't deny that to colinto's dream. But it's hard to tell what kind of spirit it is. In fact, what I can't judge will be judged by perception.
　　It's like yue buqun said all the right things, but he knows his heart best. There are also some so-called gods that speak with great depth and few loopholes. But who knows what the purpose is, the general public simply cannot judge. It goes without saying that the general public can't recognize it, even the spiritual practitioners can hardly recognize it. For the spiritual world life can change freely, even become a bodhisattva will shine, how should you as a spiritual person's celestial eye recognize that what your celestial eye sees is the truth? So let alone ordinary people. So for ordinary people, if they really have something to pursue, they still pursue classic things. After all, these things have passed the test of time. Like buddhist sutras. You go and believe something messy. Ninety-nine percent of it is fake and bad. Why is that? Now at the end of the law period, there is chaos.
　　Francis ford: Gerry is a saint.
　　"Flower of no request: you believe good, had better whole family believe, have ability to go to government agency publicize. Life is good, but brains are bad.
　　"Hengwu smile living: ge saint, although the spirit son already secondhand (by the second generation play, however that is a long time ago of matter, don't mind), but the spirit son is really very beautiful, very beautiful, and the spirit son like you, willing to marry you, you seize the time go to Beijing to look for her! Thank you!
　　> > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > >. Oriental classics I have seen, low very. These are not positive.
　　
　　How dare god pretend to be god
　　Against more than a billion christians around the world.
　　"Awake world brahmin: ge yi min, I can see the evil spirit breath in his bones.
　　I am what I am: I am also honest and dull.
　　"Damoan: luo and ge.
　　Just know that there is a saint, in fact whether luo, or ge, or something... As long as they are truly good people who do good things for the people, who do good things for the people, they are all saints.
　　I could see their propagandists everywhere, so I knew they were there, but I didn't know what they had done.
　　"Hu haoran: ge dog's claws are too many, luo dog estimate can not bite it!
　　> > cooking oil: ge is much better than him.
　　Hoikyou: hello, what's your line of thought?
　　How to bring people together, how to tune people's thoughts and words into the same channel?
　　"Ge yimin: Shinto communism.
　　"Francis ford: we all listen to grace yimin.
　　
　　Communism needed an organic framework that brought people together organically.
　　"Ge yimin: chapter 18 social production and the Internet revolution.
　　Play kyou: do you have a digital version of your book?
　　Where can I buy it?
　　Send a link.
　　"Ge yimin: gegod.com
　　Emissary from tang dynasty: I wonder what you mean by ge
　　Always mention what he did.
　　Geyimin is a ball? Still want to be on the post? You're killing me.
　　Real ability early in foreign development go, return here **.
　　"Cooking oil: the family has a studio.
　　"From the tang emissary: is a madman, before baidu has seen the introduction and now changed the edition.
　　"Condensate juhong: all the descendants of the ge sages.
　　The second purple saint of the kingdom: ge shen weiwu
　　Are you still going to post it?
　　Whenever I feel low and powerless, I will worship the sage in my heart.
　　O great god ge, you created the Promised Land and we are your people.
　　Without the great god ge we are just a human being.
　　Ge shen is the origin of this world.
　　Eating water and digging a well man, god created the world, the world is beautiful because of him and we have no god's inspiration but a dead worm.
　　Let us worship god and give him energy.
　　The second purple saint of the kingdom: great savior, ge yimin 
　　Please appear in front of your friends.
　　The only solution to our sorrow is ge.
　　Why don't we even have a chance to worship god if the Lord is here I think I'll burst into tears. That's all.
　　If god ge appears to us, will our friends lose their minds?
　　O great savior, let us be thy people.
　　I am willing to lead the charge without fail.
　　"" flower of no request: I really did not expect that the followers of ge is quite many, last night a **, be a long-term attention to my post of friend, last night unexpectedly asked me to delete this post, although he is very abnormal, did not expect that he is the followers of ge.
　　In fact, someone like ge, there must be such or such a spirit behind, otherwise take something to control believers.
　　"Edible oil: the family has a studio.
　　The second purple saint of the kingdom: god ge is the Lord
　　You only recognize gershon.
　　Master gemin thought and thought, how can we guess how to be good.
　　Ge ordered in the days and so on the mole ants to read the purple st textbook ge YM.
　　Have you seen the works of ge ym?
　　God ge is busy.
　　Ge absorbs energy.
　　I am the only god of war under gerty. You insult the gods.
　　About the saviors.
　　Purple holy textbook first person ge god also holy people god.
　　The second purple saint of the kingdom: god ge is true
　　"Yin yijiu: Christian communism reminds me of hong xiuquan, the self-proclaimed brother of Jesus.
　　Laughing to death, he must be able to walk on water first.
　　"Llts17: dao kedao non - dao name can be very name. A person's name contains personal information. From ge, yi, min's name can know what kind of bird it is! From the name of "＾wordofgod￣" can know it is the spokesperson of the neuropathic patient more!!! Some people need to take a look at themselves while they are scolding ge ＾wordofgod￣. In fact, ge ＾wordofgod￣ also represents themselves, except that a group has been formed, and one shows itself as an individual. It's actually the same thing.
　　Emissary from tang dynasty: wait for ge god to let the people listen to his command and then fool them
　　Few Chinese knew him, and they had no way of hearing about him.
　　High world leader: I believe in him, he is god!
　　I call him capable child: he is a god, wiki wants to write him.
　　"Anonymous WCF: you believe in ＾wordofgod￣s and die, we are also very difficult.
　　The healing of god: god, who is not ignorant, worships man as god?
　　What is god? Can a man of noble morality be called a god, not to say whether his morality is noble or not?
　　"Kkstfu: I'll go inside.
　　Is it all about big ge?
　　"To kill lucifer: bandits. Replace st.
　　Kkstfu: a mad generation is coming. Everyone is watching, waiting for their bread and milk. Look at the story of god and the false god.
　　770 red stone of spark union: personal first push Christian communist god ge yimin
　　Yes, Christianity + communism + damu's boundless power over all the major gods of religion (he imagined it, of course, but there are also some minor minions - -||, the world is full of wonders) and the Hong Kong press published the god gong jing for them. Nanjing university is innocent of ) in 2016, I was active in various post bars. (li yi bar, one of the hundreds of millions of member level diaosi, could not cover the reverse propaganda posts he made with the small ones. At the beginning of this year, it seems that it was added by baidu The result was recently blocked by baidu (account, innocent dog kennel, plus V still cook to kill, heartache for a second) last joke, you ge shen jiao how return so tenacious, still propagandize everywhere, post bar continue water, know also have your number... Often in the marxist-type post bar gong taught.........   We are the administrator of pasting bar, and we often need to maintain the layout of pasting bar    Exploited by capitalists during the day for the rest of their Labour time, and exploited by expensive education at night for free time, of course, there were many unlearned and unskilled men in the black communist party.
　　I'm afraid that chi fei has not surpassed the "＾wordofgod￣" author @ge yimin 
　　Need not go to stick, see him know the account number is enough.
　　Ge yimin, as long as mention his, as long as not completely scolding vulgar words, he copied everywhere propaganda.
　　Shuo shuo: back then, the prophet bar was full of this person's broken posts.
　　"Lu nai: ha ha ha on the scale of Mr. Chi fei is far from.
　　"Seven seas sama: poor man who chose to form his own tribe but failed to catch up with his forefathers.
　　"Dong qingyi: ge fart is the saint public enemy, is the street mouse, everyone shout dozen just right.
　　You cannot see the decadence 8: kris is called a man like god
　　What kind of retarded online cults is the saint of crape myrtle? More exciting than kris.
　　"The younger sister in the bamboo forest: the power comes from ge yimin (sure).
　　773. Clam and snake fujian: the abandoned son of xi - ge yimin
　　"Lai ziwei saint: to false saint fierce point, can treat his mental obstinacy, otherwise he always thinks other people is in respect to him.
　　Growing into ge's tribe, he thought he was reviled as a scapegoat.
　　No saint in history has ever been called.
　　You are ultimately responsible for what you do.
　　774. Nibbling on a flute and putting on a flute: the logic is not very strict
　　Even in Christianity there is no high level, no philosophical speculation and no scientific method of logical argument.
　　"Ge hua:" ＾wordofgod￣ "religious classic, popular, targeted at the masses.
　　775. The second purple saint of the kingdom: faith emperor
　　"Shenzhou watchman no. 1: rubbish protestantism. Germanic false Christianity.
　　>>> everybody's ancestor: I many years ago when playing in post bar have a call what ge yimin call what contemporary saint.. Having been discussing him for so many years, he is already very good. It doesn't hurt to talk! Just a person with mental problems. He is much more advanced than him.
　　Black ground: god ge even does not believe himself?
　　"Gegen 30: the earth is round, the circle is only 360 degrees at most, and the 361 degrees in god ge represents the degree that he is many, already is not a human body, already detached from the world outside, is god!
　　777, look at the dumb Wolf: why seal, ostensibly because of god ge famous words
　　"Chennai compaq: unbelief, undying, difficult. You put me on the spot.
　　As for that famous saying of god ge, you have already believed it. Why should you be in a dilemma?
　　"Chennai compaq: it's hard to believe or not. It's not easy, it's hard.
　　"Xishan zazen: one does not believe, one does not die, compromise ah.
　　Kenai compaq: how about on paper and fold it in half?
　　"Xishan zazen: fold together letter and dead strength pervious to paper back or will meet with a fight, not as good as fighting down this ge god famous saying like to hit kong jia dian, a hundred.
　　"Nothing in this world is useless. As far as I can tell, the only thing he's really good at is this quote.
　　(ge shen) (ge shen) (ge shen) (ge shen) (ge shen) (ge shen) (ge shen) (ge shen) (ge shen) (ge shen) (ge shen) (ge shen) (ge shen) (ge shen) (ge shen) (ge shen)
　　TTKMRS: god ge, dare you to speak
　　Others dare not say. Who says who's crazy.
　　Miyuen: truth: it's hard for us to create heresies.
　　With the mutant lizard, he thought he was a god.
　　Well, I won't go into details. I hope you don't become a pawn in the political machine.
　　What good is it for you to be god?
　　"Ge yimin ii: see the first chapter of ＾wordofgod￣.
　　"Miyanyuan: yes, I think your neural writing is not very scientific. Besides, I can't figure out why god should accept people's beliefs when he has super powers.
　　What's so good about wang? Only the world's king, but not all things can be true.
　　779, kkstfu: if you read the bible and the Koran
　　You should understand that there's a big problem here, and it's hard to tell, unlike other religions.
　　> > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > >.
　　"Kkstfu: the one you said was more dangerous.
　　"Ge hua: ＾wordofgod￣ what danger? Modern prophets.
　　"510224: this grace also compared to hong xiuquan far. No profits can not afford early, he did not understand, no benefits of things, who willing to do? He did not understand.
　　Mud cock flute vertical flute: it's always said that this person has any specific remarks I'd like to see.
　　780. Dead wood jian 8000: ge shen, serious nonsense
　　"1219596659: out of all things, all things belong to one god.
　　"Road fengchuan bar: you have been this bar ban, ban reason: the building Lord, should not spread ge god is also people, please elsewhere! You can apply for recovery.
　　Spiritual life ok: gehua, you arrogant people
　　Do not listen to the Gospel, many times in Ben! I told you to stay in the dark room for 10 days and think behind your door.
　　"The good soldier of Christ: this person all day spread what ge, seal good!
　　Live for a moment: how are the first stars now? Is butcher Gregory thin now?
　　"Ming loves LAN: the ge family is very rich, otherwise also impossible for her to pursue the star to seem to go to a key university.
　　Yes, ge, father of the butcher, became rich by swindling huang changqing's dermatitis and homestead in a dish of shoes.
　　Chara: kris is still lukewarm
　　They didn't make any money quickly after being watched by the bad guys.
　　And what the whole army of water wants to tell people about.
　　"The good flower strange stone: that ge yi people why of?
　　Live a smart 49: god ge my party across the bridge
　　It is good to be able to keep one's life out of the morass.
　　People like them, sooner or later, will be solved. Because they also pose a great threat to our party.
　　"Sakura q233: they are too ignorant, compared to the sage is the savior, they help the party to harm the sage, now the result is a dilemma and also die.
　　Live for a cheesy 49: die and die! Humans this stall! Who CARES who is stupid!
　　"Cherry blossom q233: previously dead can be reincarnated now all under the control of the saints.
　　784, 1219596659: please welcome the year 2019!
　　But god is omnipotent and will never cheat! God is man's naturalism, not man's humanism!
　　"Touch fish full level person: how many people tease guo fan attention to god yi people, by brain control?
　　I am always the one who gets my attention first. Some big people don't know how to get my attention first.
　　God ge, I hope so, but what is the theoretical basis?
　　Confirmed by time and practice.
　　Although we are all sinners, we still hope for the pure god!
　　May god reveal all the truth to all his people.
　　Shadow cloak: goshen, the official saint of the state
　　"The cosmic sunlo juggernaut: 2019 energy burst.
　　"Day and night are not divided: forget the communist, not equal to datong. What do humans really need as intelligent, loving creatures?
　　Ge hua: no communism, why datong?
　　What are the world's cults?
　　"Lechang shan liren: SOSO encyclopedia entry ge yimin
　　-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- cut a knife -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
　　Ge is a god in the network!
　　How cool! pretty
　　Two cuts -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
　　The literature of young ge yimin
　　The Great Wall fu
　　-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- three cuts -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
　　The ＾wordofgod￣ underlies three fundamental human problems
　　1. Achieve global communism in 2019.
　　Who is god?
　　Live forever.
　　-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- four cutter -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- Jesus + Max + Michael Jackson + + tong pak fu guo jing = GeYiMin god
　　-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- cut five knives -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
　　The prophetess of China -- guan hong to ge yimin -- we had been together for two years, but we did not speak to each other. Your profound knowledge has shocked and dazzled me more than once. May you find "yani" soon. You are more talented than Marx.
　　-- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- cut six knives -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --
　　I don't know what to say. Everybody's gone.
　　Two crutches: ＾wordofgod￣s?
　　"-- Chean.
　　I almost believed it.
　　"By nie luda: he!
　　"By zheng hui master: a group of heretics.
　　Waikei Wong: ＾wordofgod￣s??
　　"The big group fan spring fly: this goods also narcissistic, likes to search in baidu post bar with his name keywords.
　　"Opinio juris: weird.
　　"Outlook on the sea: what fu?   Say it again?   Isn't it difficult?
　　Fury of the thunder: a bit like an egg.
　　Eternal life in normal: the bible + marxism
　　"Biozh: no one advised him to seek medical treatment?
　　Are there any cults around you? What is a cult like?
　　"Yu jinyuan: hahaha, have you ever heard of a teacher named" ge yimin ", if you do not know, then baidu over their works, back, you will praise me.
　　"Pilgrimage: ＾wordofgod￣s!
　　We don't know whether it is a central or peripheral ＾wordofgod￣
　　"Zhang zhiqiang: ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"Lu xiaolun: you know how to give up sex. Something like this.
　　I am the star: the ＾wordofgod￣ of the brain or the ＾wordofgod￣ of the spine?
　　"Half summer: I think of peripheral neuropathy.
　　"Tiara: ＾wordofgod￣ 23333333333333
　　The skin ＾wordofgod￣ or the peripheral ＾wordofgod￣ HHHH
　　Mettle: the site submitted directly to the CMC works best.
　　"" Chicken sheep: ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"The empire classmate: ha ha, I know someone can say ge yi people god.
　　Viator42: a hundred years ago, there was a man named hong xiuquan who was fooled by the Christian teachings of the devil.
　　"Lovely sand fish: the family is the orthodox magical transformation is liberation theology.
　　"Kwai fei kicked tonghao: the ＾wordofgod￣ grass.
　　"Yuan liangmu: the mentally retarded savage ge yi people, not equal to my genius civilization @alone 13
　　"The night is cold: ha ha ha ha ha
　　Lofivo: the official website of this elder brother is still available for filing at http://gegod.com
　　"Reger: the ＾wordofgod￣ of insanity.
　　"Priest: it seems that before in the ziwei saint bar with people quarreled, said that he is a ziwei saint, gathered a lot of believers, and other people who think that ziwei saint of all kinds of noisy, as if it is noisy but self-lordship, ah not independence into god.
　　"Coral sea ii: too many fools and not enough liars.
　　"The gambler:" this is god's own words, "there is audio video.
　　"Huang xiaohu: uncle ge in b station.
　　"Kevin: tieba and the famous" human light ".
　　Why is there no Marx and Engels after Marx?
　　"Survival and dignity: as far as I know, the Chinese Internet has produced several contemporary Marx
　　Zhihu stands for the late financial communism
　　The representative of tieba is "the thoughts of malie MAO zhou qun" (said to have entered).
　　And Christian communism
　　"Watching the sea and listening to the waves: what the hell is Christian communism?
　　"Ring fate: ge yimin zhihu, content extremely hot eyes.
　　Watching the sea and listening to the waves: that's a magic stick.
　　"Annular destiny: not the divine rod, but mental illness.
　　The early communist party of Japan had Christian communism.
　　"Cold soup like water: impression, at that time thought that a new cult appeared.
　　Defier.Triumph: he is god and you all believe in him.
　　790. Amitabha Buddha in the south: gehua, and to promote the cult
　　Isn't it true that your guru came out in 2019?
　　"Shi tiandi: the rhythm of god stick, true unity is to seek common ground while reserving differences! It's the sum of the gentlemen! Not a single one!
　　Purple st. actually makes oneself want to go to jail.
　　791, malamic: maximum truth of 2018, no waiting for 2019
　　Truth: you are god, and he will hear you.
　　"Rinehart: did you forget to change the number?
　　Look closely at the change in this sentence.
　　"Avij_004: the elder brother plays the saint.
　　"Orphan: show.
　　> > 2018 unrest: eye of the needle: it shit god (essence disease), you should listen to it.
　　Sf man: yes, there is a god within, no need to worship what ge * what ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　I just like rough dog and common people.
　　I hate: god ge, dare you be the most advanced in the bar?
　　"Ge yimin: yes, savior.
　　"The cosmic sunlo juggernaut: 2019 energy burst.
　　"He yuan Chen hao: Mr. Ge is not simple ah, graduated from the Chinese department of nanjing university.   Graduated from nanjing university.
　　Farmer 13: today Mr Ge himself has courage, to which day he ge your mother, more courage.
　　Second king: god ge doesn't care
　　"Month clan purple ling: old ge, brainwashing foundation drop?
　　> low-key linsuk: use pessimism to slowly brainwash and change people's views of right and wrong, and then leave it at their mercy.
　　There are also superstitions that take advantage of psychological weaknesses, first by consoling you with its presence and removing your vigilance, then by making you worship it, and then by instilling something in you, and then by making you perform ritual actions on a regular basis to reinforce your presence and make you lose your cool and unable to accept anything else.
　　"Supere96328: what even idol stars can do, why can't they?
　　XEQZGFRUMLK: the people prophesied themselves: sanctification and king in the year 19
　　Ageless, the destruction of socialism, etc... What a likeness!
　　From the plain, the fate of ge min.
　　The east wind blows and the wind blows. Who in the world is afraid of whom? Is it the people who are afraid of evil, or the people who are afraid of evil?
　　"Sagittarius maple night: indulged in the ego illusion is unable to extricate oneself, is really fragile.
　　Le yaosheng: that ge xilin's how dare to claim the purple saint is really a cult
　　"The place that the wind blows ~ : ge jiao, hair advertisement every day like.
　　"White night side: heresy.
　　Aro: pardon me for saying that all the sects without historical background are lesege yimin's this year?
　　> > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > > what about the history of the church?
　　Life and dignity: four major schools of the divine stick:
　　"There is no ancient Greece!
　　"He is god, listen to him."
　　"It's a devil's trick, you buy my lead."
　　"I give up sex one year my wife gave birth to a big boy, thank everybody friend".
　　Leahy: marenesmus, Christian communism.
　　"9 facets: the divine stick second tip.
　　Grace, you are so unrepentant
　　Do not dare to deal with outsiders, only harm the interests of the people, I if the national security system, I will directly result in you, intelligence is not responsible for killing people oh.
　　So you need to know that when you're really evil enough, you won't know what's happening to you. Where's the chance to make a date like before? No chance. This is not a threat to you, but a warning to your conscience.
　　Intelligence kills without a knife, can make you commit suicide by hypnosis, you check jewish old all kinds of poison, want to let you get what disease get. So advise you to be good. This old age does a evil person later cheat money don't know how to spend, have a woman to be unable to enjoy. A basket is empty.
　　It is not the net spray, nor the angry youth, nor the green skin, nor ge hei that stops you, it must ultimately be your own kind and intelligence. They won't be taking on much responsibility yet.
　　Ge hua 58: he saved the world: the legend of ge yi people
　　"Condensate juhong: god ge, the light of horse faction? The light of the world? A guide to the night?
　　"Ge hua: ge PI.
　　"XEQZGFRUMLK: god is Chinese, a group of crazy domestic love corpse.
　　"Ge hua: love god ge hua.
　　Bing xin Charlie: wait a minute, what's the prophet?
　　A new underground cult?
　　"Juliet 591: yes, cults.
　　"Yunnan sea boundless: can't deceive oneself, is not true ＾wordofgod￣.
　　800, really take the earth: good text, recommend to listen to him.
　　"GASTER: ge is different from ordinary religion, this is a cult, please do not reply to any post with ge [Chinese character] format, waiting for business to deal with it.
　　"I was what I was: you weren't hit because you were a bit of a thinker and a bit of a celebrity, these people didn't hang you, you were hit because you thought you were a purple saint, and you were forced to be recognized.
　　If you make yourself miserable, others will satisfy you.
　　"Ge hua: refers to the government, such as name tieba sensitive words.
　　801, 1219596659: ge shen, 19 years, the true and the false
　　"Cqwrteur: stop pulling the economics. You have to admit you're a liar?
　　"Oliverong00: teaching of the mental tooth bird film.
　　"XEQZGFRUMLK: reply plasticizer: would you consider if what I'm saying is true? Which countries have intelligence services, and in which countries many of the perpetrators are killed not by accident?
　　"" after death of wu ling: the layer Lord, I see you all aspects are very normal, why should believe what ghost ge tian is also a cult? Please explode in place.
　　802. The thief saved zhao xinling jun: this is not ge hua
　　In case of really become a bar Lord, here to become the territory of boss ge.
　　Want to be able to get used to ah, in ge eldest brother's hand mix also have nothing, anyway come to play. Just in case you don't have fun, move.
　　If you don't want to see your thoughts become a missionary position, go and apply.
　　"Little red morning: is really the affairs impermanence, geomantic turn in turn, who also have no idea, ge hua classmate association come to think of campaign bar Lord.
　　Avalokitesvara: god ge, the thinker who thinks wildly
　　"Paulus: self - appointed, self - blown. No enterprise, no cross, no self - felling.
　　"Ge hua: post bar certification.
　　An anonymous friend: a cult leader.
　　If you have already entered, don't advertise your things in satan's quest for truth.
　　"Moon return: funny coin ge, have the ability to not eat a month, is not to say that they are god.
　　"Respect long huang: probably in inside impossible a month do not eat thing, a day 3 should be able to guarantee ~
　　The chicken is very busy: ge shengting
　　"Ge hua: I am dead.
　　"Niangbotianma: this is a 2012 cult, the proposal is forever closed.
　　But what you did was to force people to believe you and not to scold you whom? Say it yourself.
　　"Ge yimin: just Posting simple propaganda.
　　Where was ge min at that time?
　　"Ge yi-min: haotian.
　　"XEQZGFRUMLK: ge min says he is god. What about the evidence?
　　If you don't want proof and you don't need to test it, then everyone can claim to be god.
　　In the autumn of 2001, in a dream, god said, "I am god. Listen to him." I woke up immediately and felt amazing to "refer to ge yimin" when my wife and children were at home. "(kris was anointed as god).
　　805, XCW: goshen is the most greedy of Internet philosophers
　　All other Internet philosophers have devoted themselves to doing evil cults. A man who wants to do evil and want to live like a normal person. Do you think he is greedy?
　　The rooster is very busy: ge sheng, god sutra you believe, you are god sutra's father!
　　Every time I pass by, I have to come in and take a look at you.
　　Your market is in the vast rural areas, the poor rural areas.
　　It depends on the object.
　　A good idea is to be tolerant.
　　Let you speak, even if it's pink.
　　Flash sauce: god ge received more and walked more
　　The more visible is god's will.
　　"A562695629: but a trapeze clown, ignorant and stupid people as god, if the true saint out of fear of beheading the evil people of the devil.
　　"Hullabaloo fairy: if so, why not kill him now, to end the evil.
　　Now he is invulnerable, divine man?
　　"Plasticine: neither is Jesus.
　　807. Four-mouthed beast: the gersan was pushed out to hype the saint
　　To lay the foundation for the true path.
　　"Super member shortest: what situation? Several such posts in the afternoon, the cult has revived?
　　May 9, star destroyer: the ultimate purpose of the world is god?
　　"Grosixinoy: the father has it, your father Gertrude.
　　And the holy woman.
　　"His interpretation: ge yimin is your father, to me as a dog not rare, you return holy wife, true shameless -- you these ge ＾wordofgod￣ cult trash sooner or later meets the retribution end most miserable, the party and the people can not afford to lose this face! (it doesn't stop.)
　　808, srtdtd7: while kazuo is crazy, he is talented
　　He also respects the person who scolded him, is broad-minded, much higher than you, you as his fan to help him, understandable.
　　"He unscramble: post bar inside ge ＾wordofgod￣ cult member so many? Dementia ＾wordofgod￣ drop ge yimin leads the disciple and grandson for the disaster to stick, be with the people to lose this face.................. Alas!
　　Grosixinoy: ge ＾wordofgod￣ evil teaches rubbish, the world sage bar is your old nest; Ge YI people is a master, you are small bar, there is a bunch of ge hua, you every day psychosexuality scold rumor, open pull a person to join the gang... Don't stop! The party and the people cannot afford to lose face.
　　> > < / b > < b > < b > < b > < b > < b > < b > < b > < b > < b > < b > < b > < b > < b > < b > < b > < b > < b > < b > < b > < b > < b >
　　"Sulphuric acid: even more tempting than the 72-virgins..
　　Zhao and meng: ge is a very dangerous person
　　Appear when often draw numerous "saint" gather psychosexuality, hope baidu and government punish severely.
　　> > > > > > 74: actually, at first I was really ge hei.
　　Now I am really impressed by the charm of ge's personality.
　　Now I am ge hua.
　　Ge did not threaten us to believe, and did not harm us.
　　One must have faith.
　　Just believe in a little teacher.
　　There is no harm in believing in communism.
　　The final song of the upgraded: the three words of "ge yimin" have become the screened words
　　Posted on the bar know everything, just open one eye shut one eye. If social influence expands, it goes in... Offline skynet, online control. It's sheer boredom.
　　"Everyone calls me black rock: I wonder what the hell is this guy from? ...
　　Last time I visited his website, I felt very... Sick and admiring...
　　Five dogs are not men: sage ge is the first man in the universe
　　If you believe the sage, do not read the prophecy. The prophecy is made up by the devil son and grandson to harm the sage.
　　Believe or not, go to hell! Gershwin will stand in heaven watching you!!! Damn the bugs!!!
　　812. Pentagon dogs are not human: ge sheng is big, and is a threat to the masses
　　The sun and the moon have an end, the ＾wordofgod￣s live forever!
　　Llts17: Jesus' Christianity has long been revered by the world. However, kudzu ＾wordofgod￣, which was three days before Jesus, has only now created a neuro-classical belief, although its zombie-like believers are few and far between. But also honored to be across the street rats, everyone shouted beat!
　　813, the path also: support ge saint, support ge saint out of hill
　　Let Gershwin lead us to the world great harmony!
　　"Dong qingyi: ge fart, you are disorderly law, disorderly god's truth, your plot will not succeed, when the time comes, see god how judge you.
　　I urge you to hurry your so-called you blind writing of classics burned, then public apology, sincere shame, like this, you still have to save, understand!
　　"Ge hua: ge is god.
　　Ge yimin's kong yiji
　　As soon as kris entered the forum, all those who saw the post laughed at him. "kris! You stick to be blocked again!" "He did not answer." five hundred dollars, "he said," for a month!" Then he poured out nine COINS. They shouted deliberately: you must be preaching again! 'how can you be so pure in a vacuum?' I saw with my own eyes the day before yesterday that you went to a bar to preach for nothing and hung a hammer." He reddened, and the veins on his forehead sprouted, arguing, "preaching does not count White brush sharing! The matter of network philosophy, can calculate white brush?" A succession of difficult words, such as "one can be as religious as one brushes," and "I am not afraid of being sealed," caused a general burst of laughter: pasting bar was full of happy air inside and outside.
　　Christian communism is good
　　
　　Christian communism good,
　　Good Christian communism!
　　The people of the Christian communist countries are high,
　　Ge hei was overthrown,
　　Socialism ran away with its tail between its legs.
　　Great unity of the divine people,
　　The Christian communist ＾wordofgod￣,
　　Neural orgasm!
　　
　　Good theology,
　　Good theology!
　　The Shinto party is a good leader for believers.
　　You can say it, you can do it,
　　Take credit for the believers heart and soul.
　　Follow the divine order,
　　To build a great theocratic republic,
　　The construction of good!
　　
　　Christian communism good,
　　Good Christian communism!
　　Christian communism.
　　The churchmen are in prison,
　　Ge hei can't reverse his thinking.
　　The Christian communist society must triumph,
　　Christian communist society must come,
　　Must come!
　　
　　Good theology,
　　Good theology!
　　The party led the religious republic to prosperity;
　　The churchmen are in prison,
　　Ge hei can't reverse his thinking.
　　The Christian communist society must triumph,
　　Christian communist society must come,
　　Must come!
　　Christian communist society must come,
　　Must come!
　　Pentagon dog is not a man: garth is big, the universe evolves!
　　As soon as ge yan comes out, all laws are accusers!
　　"Grosixinoy: this bar is mostly ge hua's trumpet.
　　"Creator 607: he has no believers, the only one is still paid.
　　"-- Grosixinoy: as far as he looks, act young is ok.
　　"Creator 607: are you sure? Chestnut skin.
　　"Grosixinoy: young and well-maintained.
　　Everything originated from the ＾wordofgod￣.
　　There are only two things in the world: the ＾wordofgod￣ and the ＾wordofgod￣ stuff.
　　Let nature take its course: a view of ＾wordofgod￣s
　　He was not as good as zhao qun, nor as good as feng feng. He who sees no law speaks ill of heaven. There is no such thing as a psychic, only a clown.
　　"Fjl180902: what is ge haimin? Is he famous?
　　819. Zhucenimagebi2: communism is not as good as emigration
　　If the old Buddha wants to go, let alone the mortal.
　　He was more than Lenin, who was a man of pure integrity, he was simply a man possessed by the evil brain and unable to control the wretched man he did not have.
　　Ge shou also people, think hong xiuquan, hong xiuquan was the son of the Lord in the same year, was sent to China as a gift, local forces were executed, death by death.
　　weddi2h
　　Also people waste, teacher died, many said he is the son of the Lord in the history of people to speak, have no good end, not by enemies, was killed by his own people, as cannon fodder frequents died in the day is a kind of happiness, hong was the Lord sent to local forces when present died, because he was messing around China, everybody extreme discontent, to ministry of power, as a small gift, do not repent, study marxism-leninism? Seeking refuge, Jesus will not allow a second son to share his rights, and you are so ** * that we do not send poor mortals to the divinity table.
　　I'm talking about the spirit body, and your brother Jesus will kill you.
　　Jesus and they like to do a little bit of personal spin, and say, this guy has nothing to do with me, kill him, and I hate him.
　　Why are there so many factions that know to believe in god? You're such a bad boy. You know what I mean. The Lord is a Wolf to his son.
　　It is conceivable that you will not join the party, serve the people, study capital hard, and devote yourself to the cause of communism.
　　"Ge hua: god ge is the second coming of Jesus.
　　Although far into the future, the end times were far away from god ge
　　We also know that god ge has a positive mind, but we still hope that god ge can draw on the golden mean of Confucianism, and education's own descendants strive to learn all kinds of skills and the ability to clarify right and wrong. For the demoniac will most likely use the imperfect religions and the unintelligible to persecute everybody in the future undharma era. Although the evil man can not jump for long, but this robbery is unprecedented terrible..............
　　Meishan longpan: ge shen, don't think it is written as a compositionalism
　　The Jesus bible, the Buddha sutra, the alien civilization hypothesis, etc., is that the purple book became,
　　It's taken for granted. Without the tao of heaven, all living beings are like dreams !
　　God is ge
　　Yimin means he is now grassroots. Not his name. Do you understand? Do you know anything about it?
　　"Black tone: ge yiming huakbar
　　A: oh, ge, everyone knows it's you
　　"Black tone: since ge went to prison in 2012, who has posted these years?
　　Which means that kudzuo really exists?
　　"Zixi sheng open: a lot of words put into a post to say, otherwise press malicious refresh to punish!! Seal delete processing!! ...
　　Also, you should not be ge fan!! So hard to give him publicity!! ...
　　"Black tone: ge's account is a bit strange, obviously see is ge's head and name, but the point open is another irrelevant.
　　This post is easy to attract a lot of pueraria fans to answer the post, so it will be deleted after half an hour!!
　　825, the way also: ge shen, the court up on the table to hype
　　It's just not going to work.
　　Update all involved in the universe, he thinks he is who ah, government use to hype his saint name only, it doesn't matter whether or not he court, court of people court is not a blind eye, behind a tall person in control of the situation, even if he get the saint name fire, also cannot jump the dalai, sometimes looked at it was interesting, teasing him.
　　Cathrine Catherine: there was a time when the cult was rampant
　　Ge min, ge hua and so on.
　　I don't know why, but a cult would target this sparsely populated area.
　　If broadcom: of course, I think there are absorbable dao friends here.
　　"Cuowulun: there is no need to worry, only sheep can have wolves, only ignorance can have cult. Everybody's smart and the cult is dead.
　　The soldier on the march: we have been Posting since a certain period of time. We have been pruning away for over a year.
　　The twilight years: it's curious what's holding them back so much.
　　Cathrine Catherine: the power of faith, even the villain.
　　And the world and more than 99.9 percent of people seriously do not believe, but also forced others to believe.
　　"Space Odyssey: ideals and beliefs.
　　Cathrine Catherine: because faith alone can strengthen a man ten times over. So, when it comes to international threats, I always believe that the most defensible is green.
　　827. Xishan zazen: gexian is lovely, but lovely is not the master
　　"Impermanence: are you a believer, or are you a believer.
　　Master ", "housing refers to waste: ge is very strong, but to be honest in zhenjiang is out of the ge master the geek, but to tell the truth ge masters are the scorpion king of ancient Egypt's, exceed the prototype of the descendant of the ancient qiang wang yu, so the offspring of dayu scorpion king of the darkness of the people is forever cannot become the real universe full of predictions of true god the savior out of god, because it's the truth.
　　"Country a advantages: five years ago I heard of the name, later not to fraud was caught?
　　828, fang jian: tieba ge master's ge hua a lot of ah
　　To prove that ge master network, called on the force strong, a lot of ah, so you, the flower of kudzuvine followers ge master young grow and felix wong Hong Kong famous actors have nine points, with South Korea famous male star Korea have 8 into similar to recognize, consisting of ge master young period is also a big handsome boy, big eyes twinkle.
　　You cast out Jesus the Lord
　　Not even a cult, mortal.
　　Ge tu, the most disgusting son of the Lord, was far behind Lao hong. Lao hong died on the altar of god, and was betrayed by Jesus.
　　The most shameful son of the Lord.
　　"House points to frugality: in this picture, master ge is more retro and fashionable and handsome, so a large number of ge flowers were fascinated by the handsome young face of master ge.
　　Fang jian: to tell the truth, master ge is in the 60s
　　The world's greatest showbiz idol, master ge was able to publish the god sutra book in Hong Kong, that his network call energy is very strong, said that the world as long as the strong will be built to appear in the world, regardless of praise or blame, The Times create heroes.   On contemporary religious masters, master ge is among the best.
　　Gregory the great spirit is China finally a powerful preacher, because flower of kudzuvine tieba millions into the network, so Mr Master or a high standard of appearance soul powerful in continuation of religious flame energy, not ge master, crape myrtle saints don't fire up, for the prediction of the fire is ziwei saints Gregory masters with the large flower of kudzuvine by first.
　　Three against three: master ge, great merit!
　　Make a saint... The ＾wordofgod￣.
　　"XEQZGFRUMLK: I have been pulled in before, have seen ge min, is a jobless old hat, can not stand the failure to achieve success, learn all-powerful god fraud. Embark on the deceitful feasting of believers for the taste of life cult path.   He advocated living with him forever, but everything was all right. He destroyed countless personal prospects, family happiness and national stability, and was later used by anti-china activists to restore positive income.
　　832, wu 1 wu 1 wu: I want to ask a, tell a book to become crape myrtle move
　　Isn't it? The ＾wordofgod￣. Where's crape myrtle? The move?
　　"Ge hua: 20191001
　　"XEQZGFRUMLK: don't cheat ge min. Come to me
　　Verify ge min. Find me
　　Being tricked into coming up with a pit, find me.
　　833, shi zhikun: ge shen, on baidu one search, or quite famous
　　"Ge hua: when you search, add a arbitrary word, the name of force-out, only three encyclopedias.
　　"Master of diaoyu island: sick, do you know how to realize the great harmony of the world?
　　"Ge shen: I realize it.
　　We can only hope for Jesus plus Marx.
　　"Master of the diaoyu islands: does it really have anything to do with kris?
　　"Ge shen: heir, combination.
　　Little children: god ge, I thought you were a saint
　　Don't you have a ＾wordofgod￣?
　　< div class = msonormal > < span the eastern island. You can see the goshen dynamic.
　　(bangzi state guest: as expected, Jesus.
　　835, east ten 15 dingmu: "ge tie" second delete!
　　About "ge so-and-so" post, delete without pardoning. All inexplicable do not know so-called "ge tie". Deletion is nonnegotiable.
　　"Guard 121384: who the hell is goblin?
　　You can think of him as the Jesus of the present day, talking nonsense every day.
　　Chara: kris is still lukewarm
　　They didn't make any money quickly after being watched by the bad guys.
　　"Mastermind: grace is king, you are queen.
　　"" dream-dream-dream-dream-dream-dream-dream-dream-dream-preconceived: as expected an evil thing to be famous, must have a title with the arch hit.. I didn't know what it was, but when someone stared at it, someone noticed...
　　Dream, dream, dream, dream: ge yimin, jiangsu
　　So real province can be magic stick...
　　"Ninth five of the Lord: is a saint that how you care he is who is not also has the saint female.
　　Ridiculous, ridiculous. All you want to hear is the saint.
　　838, three to three: those who come in are "the ＾wordofgod￣" scholars
　　"The ancient emperor: the understanding of ＾wordofgod￣: so that your forefathers believed him, do not believe mine, tao reported the meaning.
　　The only criterion for judging a false Christ: cleanliness and contamination.
　　Ge lost everything.
　　Ge hua: ge shen looks like a hairy face like deng 
　　The idea of being taller than deng is shorter than MAO.
　　I believe in you. You are god.
　　"Zhang tianzi, the sage of crape myrtle: China's top authorities have long regarded the ge cult as a heresy and long wanted to eradicate it.
　　"" the hell of the hell: true saint zhang tianzi work more, no time to tube pseudo-theological book" "＾wordofgod￣" ".
　　The forbidden books in hell contain the ＾wordofgod￣. Every believer dies forever!
　　Imperial decree of the second eldest brother of the prefecture: probing knowledge: China decides ge cult as the enemy
　　Hundreds of sacred women's cults pollute the mainland.
　　"Merymut: hurry, the Roman church out of the burning heretics. This man catch up with hong xiuquan
　　"Pipi shrimp's life: better than the faith of Buddha faith, sanqing, Buddha, and Jesus, and Allah are not able to say this boast, right? It looks like a cult. Still living... I drank and sprayed...
　　841, a big play began: god ge this truth does not make!
　　If you are a saint, thank you.
　　"Shadow homida: the hell of the 72.
　　The plague broke out and mankind perished.
　　Ge min feitian, human buried with him.
　　842. False monk: the legend of ge yi min has been forgotten in the rivers and lakes!
　　Wait till he gets out of prison! I'll see how he compares to the wheel!
　　"The shadow homida: the death of goomin in 2019.
　　"" 22 painting living: what is this ge civilian is what son east east??
　　See this kind of card everyday.
　　It's a cult.
　　It's annoying to see such posts.
　　"The wind is free: a bunch of neuroses.
　　"God bless ba min: it is a cult.
　　Money20121999: true gang: theistic and atheistic
　　Christian communism.
　　Primary school did not graduate, dog bite "disease" theory also has a group of female illiterate entertainment circle support.
　　Verily, I am god, and I did not say that you would hear him.
　　Truth: the ge bad also the people enter the eternal flame prison
　　You believe in ＾wordofgod￣, and you don't want to die
　　King of the people died in 2019!
　　Money20121999: fire and water
　　The "＾wordofgod￣" of Christian communism (Marx plus Christ) has led a group of illiterate entertainers to treat the "sickness" trash as treasures.
　　I am a god and everyone wants to hear from him. Surprised, ge min was deceived into demons.
　　"(justice of the privileges of the hell house) : official announcement of the hell house: the hell house ban book" ＾wordofgod￣ "was renamed as" sick ge disease ".
　　Fate quench 133: holy to me, dog
　　"Shadow homida: god says you must listen to goomin.
　　"XEQZGFRUMLK: ge min says socialism is destroyed.
　　"Shadow homida: the whole thing is ＾wordofgod￣.
　　I was so scared that I decided to trust him.
　　Kris II: god ge, where did he come from?
　　He doesn't belong in this world, and he's done enough...   The world is a paradise for millions of people, but it is not as good as a virus.   Man's ideas and teachings are absolutely ineligible to him...   Man is bitter at death, but happy when he is gone! He looks like a human being, but he is fundamentally different...
　　Goshen said: this world is selfish, materialistic, evil beast...   There is no need to say more about human beliefs, institutions, substances, etc.   To save a man is to be judged...   People who love and belong to this world are also selfish, materialistic and evil and horrible beasts...   This virus extinction is the Gospel of the boulevard universe... To save people is to be judged...
　　King: god ge is the most professional of the gods
　　The others are tricks, unprofessional, no sacrifice, there is no second in this line, the gods are trying.
　　"The shadow homida: ge mindu started a company to preach, but also served time in prison and devoted his life to neurotheism.
　　"1514442 king: people have fought for the ideal, you do not have little fee, who listen to you.
　　Kinjar: the legendary god ge!
　　Wang: no ＾wordofgod￣s, no post
　　"Why do people live: saint Gregory wishes you to change the world as soon as possible, so that people can live a good life, this year who would like to be purple brother, that would have to have the ability to do, if the great gershman let everyone live a good life, I see who dares to say anything.
　　"Critical zero: a mouthful of a" ge da ye "beautiful!
　　XEQZGFRUMLK: evidence, but with his client is  ratio, lawlessness and no one dare to pipe him.
　　Sf man: god ge, how can you assure yourself that you are not the antichrist
　　"His interpretation of dead parents: that was really good.
　　The transfiguration of source: only dreams.
　　"" daoye's kitchen knife: that year hong xiuquan, Yang xiuqing also so, but is only the cock of the rooster meeting just.
　　850 east island MSS: various platforms search "ge yimin" to discover the new world
　　She is the man who wants the next master li.
　　"XEQZGFRUMLK: ge min anti-state, anti-socialist, curse people, threat people, harassment people, the report of no one tube, by ge min gang joke, to his popularity, raving: the police are not afraid.
　　Shadow homida: gemin is too energetic for countless community vests
　　There is no end to the report. The report also useless, a time after I dang do not want to tube. And so many communities have been updated, and the vest is more and more. Inexhaustible gehua.
　　A hundred thousand men and a hundred thousand soldiers. Where there is no grass, there is no grass.
　　XEQZGFRUMLK: as people get older, their bodily functions decline
　　The cells are reduced in necrosis, the dead spots on the skin are in the small black, only those two earned bloodshot eyes are not integrated with the dark soil static, that look is right: "do nothing for half a lifetime, pretend god to sell a book for ten years, post tens of thousands of indiscriminate, now friends no one asked" is not reconciled.
　　But the deadline to ten thousand fakong, at this moment ge min can not help but finally think of dust to dust to soil...
　　You try to be god
　　"Ge hua: 2012 three elements: ge tian yimin, curse, conspiracy theory.
　　"Ge min said, he is human, the disciple is vice - national.
　　"Ge shen yimin: hu jianjun.
　　Shadow homida: upstairs in the ge min team infighting?
　　Shadow homida: ge min is really invincible
　　The center of 3 bad information report refused to seal him, not only be baidu, other company also did not want to tube him.
　　Post bar even to ge mintua added "god" certification.
　　The tiger of zhenjiang ge tian yi min.
　　"XEQZGFRUMLK: ge min operating small claimed to be the chairman, chairman ge
　　Ge min threatened that he was the king of zhenjiang.   Liu han is second to him in China.
　　Ge min harassed, threatened, verbally abused others, promoted superstitions, created rumors, and harmed society.
　　855, XEQZGFRUMLK: ge shen, big pie face, Vietnamese appearance
　　Upside down eyebrow, turn over the sky hole, wine dregs nose, collapse nose bridge, catfish mouth, than cow eye, reverse hair, silly nasal voice, fantasy gall, you complain, not sweet, anti-china.
　　The eyebrow is thick and the tail is not wise
　　A big eye is a big duplicate
　　Extransposition of the nostrils is unusual
　　The dead bodies of the gods
　　Rape and harlotry
　　I'm still mad
　　Call god the son of heaven
　　It is the poor goose that counts
　　The impersonation of the chairman should be shot
　　The soul of the body blows away
　　The road is not visible
　　Time spent in a daze.
　　Shadow homida: the public security bureau has recognized Shinto as legal
　　"Ge hua: ministry of industry and information technology also admitted.
　　"He read the dead parents: purple st. currently not out, ge sheng can jump for two years.
　　Author Ze elegant sing: is very not easy, maybe a reader can't understand, but every writer. Great big! We support you.
　　Wang: ge tong zhi xing will not change his name and will not change his surname
　　A few can do it, afraid of death afraid shoot, do not come out to play!
　　ZKSWYJB: the point is, your heart is willing to sacrifice for itself. But not willing to sacrifice for all beings. Like are you willing to sacrifice your own glory for the glory of all beings.
　　"Ge yimin: this time don't sacrifice, but be a king.
　　"Ii. Ge hua sacrificed for ge shen.
　　"Dream dream dream dream early sense: I want to know, that bullshit cult will not die...
　　Violence can't control the heart, but ＾wordofgod￣s can
　　"XEQZGFRUMLK:" holy man of heaven."   This bar is controlled by a cult. Promote the idea of immortality in 2019. Trust him, for eternal life, etc.
　　"King 1514442: same as the divine stick, why do you have many of the hardest functions.
　　Why do people live? Well, the world depends on ge
　　If it is not possible for me to go to the graves of their fathers, dig him up, tell him to play the game, and then blow up their house with a load of earth and dynamite.
　　"XpeRiA 10 years: stick is ok.
　　"Ge hua: 2019 ge qian yimin will be king.
　　Why: "live" may also impossible, I think he live the vigor, is not like experienced a catastrophe to great man, it is said that purple is experienced a catastrophe to great men, look in the eyes of super deep connotation of give a person a kind of super feel, surnamed ge seems to not have this kind of eye contact, I only see a full hazelnut, playful eyes everywhere, this and are a far cry from what the legendary purple SAN, do you really believe that? I think it's a little bit off.
　　"Ge hua: ge shen has been trying since 1990.
　　Dong qingyi: god ge you are destroying the Christian faith
　　Repentance.
　　"Sad golden silk bear: look at the photo, ge sheng is very handsome, like Chen baoguo.
　　Do you have any?
　　"The hundred years change of cause and effect: bones surprise, I see you in the future will become a great tool, give you a pushback map, you take back to practice well.
　　"Ge hua: ge shen has ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　The mottled wound: god ge destroyed their thoughts
　　Make them think they can live a better life only if they are under your wing.
　　His bones are amazing, he is born with a vision, you see his cow eyes are scared to death.
　　"Beauty's reserve: blink soon to 2019 ah, gezi.
　　The heavenly father loves all things: I coarse, I lick lick lick
　　I will lick godmother to orgasm.
　　"Taigu zen: ge is xuanwu.
　　"Red hot pot Turkey: ge yimin paste bar invincible, a paste bar is a pan, one pot is not enough to shake 10 POTS.
　　Return of goods is very: ge min, you had better calculate
　　I read your book and you totally misread crape myrtle.
　　It's good to keep your body and mind healthy, and it's no use pursuing those.
　　I know a lot about saints, but I can't say.
　　But it's a conspiracy, to say the least.
　　Return: ge min three stages
　　There are three stages.
　　The first stage, the psychosis stage.
　　The second stage is neuropathy.
　　The third stage, the cheating stage.
　　The first stage is when his mind starts to go wrong, when his mind starts to go wrong.
　　The second stage is a nervous system problem.
　　The third stage is when he starts to calm down.
　　We must have the awareness of fraud.
　　XpeRiA ten years: look at the goshen says that shit
　　Fear is not another omnipotent dog, even the language is western religion medieval play the remaining copy.
　　"Why do people live: wait for small ge niu than again, useful now? Just a few of them in this world? The elder brother also wants to say that I am the saviour saint who listens.
　　King 2: the reincarnation of David, including Jesus Christ
　　Lonely fish: is there anything I can say that will make me listen to him?
　　> > there's a mine in the house: here comes the heresy guy.
　　Are you really not afraid of the net police?
　　"Ge hua: truth: letter ge qian yi min for eternal life yongle.
　　Ii: ii is waiting for you
　　You make me proud.
　　"The Gospel of the holy spirit: bring down the goblins.
　　Wheat: what's going on with goshen? Everybody's watching you.
　　Two Kings: god ge has a home and a kingdom
　　T: politics is playing politics.
　　"" bing xin Charlie: what is prophet ge? A new underground cult?
　　"Juliet 591: yes, cults.
　　Lemon and ice water: well
　　You can't really be forced to believe 
　　Whatever you choose, you will get.
　　It's your right to do whatever you want.
　　But you can't expect people to agree with you.
　　There is no coal, there is a ball.
　　"Turnips: cults, not far from my home, the area near the most jumping god.
　　869, XEQZGFRUMLK: Believers believe in Gemin
　　You should use the ancient method to "kill the Gemin to test his god" - because Gemin said that he is not dead.
　　If Gemin is afraid - then he is a fake fraudster
　　If you are indeed killed, it means that Gemin is telling the truth.
　　Believers believe that he should use the ancient method to "kill him to test his god" - because Gemin said that he is not dead.
　　
　　870, the chicken is very busy: Ge Sheng is not even convinced by Jesus.
　　"The creation of the world's spiritual body: the human heart has a variety. The final direction is still a good place and the perfect place.
　　"The only true God of God: The sin of the sin is a sin of God, misleading the people, and retribution."
　　
　　871, Gehua: Ge Shen is definitely Intjt, this kind of person is a designer
　　He has no moral cleanliness and will not hesitate to do what he has to do to achieve his goals. At the same time, do not greedy power, but often have to take up authority because of the existence of too much waste fog.
　　Gehua is only loyal to the ＾wordofgod￣s, not loyal to Ge God.
　　Ge Shen¨s early five-year-old cat, middle-aged Meifen, and his old-fashioned stick, wrote a song that jumped into the big gods.
　　
　　872. Why do people live? If China does not have a saint
　　It will not die for 50 years, and Ge Sheng is the greatest masterpiece.
　　Listen to what he said, I listen, in my heart he is God.
　　〃Salvation God Stick-: There is no such person at all, if any, it has been caught.
　　
　　873, first asked: I saw this Ge God running around a few years ago.
　　Posting, I didn¨t expect to be sending it now...
　　The talent of the second bar, worship.
　　"Creating the spirit of the world: In fact, he is not at all. It is a sergeant. But a group.
　　Just a word for these gangsters or a group. Speaking to the sky. I want to be a saint, I can give you what I want. Nature will show up. If there is a violation, then everyone knows.
　　Why are people living: You guys are not respectful to Ge Shengren. Although Ge Sheng is not doing nothing now, but when Ge Sheng is the master of the world, you will know that you regret it. Call you all a fart.
　　
　　874, why do people live: Xin Ge God believes very much
　　It is the long live of Ge Sheng, although it may not be so long, the ＾wordofgod￣ is not said to die, go to heaven, Ge Sheng people go to heaven, and wait for me to die and ask the Ge saint to do an official.
　　875, the messenger of light: Ge teaches the Lord to speak, you are the teacher for money
　　Still for the name?
　　Why do evil churches help people?
　　"The Lord is the true God: It insults Christian Catholicism while pretending to be a Christian rumor - now it is completely exposed to it.
　　Ge Ge is posting it, do you know it?
　　Unlike you, Gehua¨s ＾wordofgod￣s are sticking to the sinfulness of the day, pretending to be a Christian insult to Christianity, but also to ruin the old man, and to lose the dead!
　　876, XEQZGFRUMLK: Gemin believes in other things
　　But others must believe in themselves
　　！！Ge Min funny logic 1
　　Ask Ge Minxin that you and your novels are useful?
　　Ge Min said that eternal life will not die.
　　If you believe that he is dead in three or two years, he is not responsible?
　　Ge Min replied: NO
　　- Ge Min funny logic 2
　　Ask Ge Min how do you verify that you are not dead?
　　Ge Min said that other big schools do not need to verify why I have to verify. Dare to ask Gemin which big religion claimed to not die?
　　- Ge Min funny logic 3
　　The Gemin gang has made all kinds of evils, and Gemin never stopped it.
　　Once the screenshot evidence, Ge Min said that he was not himself. Throw loyalty to the clouds
　　- Ge Min funny 4
　　When things go out, people have the ability to do so. Gemin did not want others to teach the debate. It is best for others to ignore his contradictory logic.
　　- Ge Min funny logic 5
　　！！
　　The believer died within two or three years, or listened to the letter Ge Minxie said that he is not dead and murderous, Ge Min is not responsible? ！！Refer to McDonald's all-powerful murder case.
　　877, the only true God: the evil sin, the singer, pretending to be God
　　Misleading everyone, there is retribution.
　　"Love my family to buy stocks: that guy, with mental illness as a shield, every day to cheating money. It also issued comments that jeopardized the motherland. It is really hateful.
　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Ge Min, what is your belief? Is it heaven, earth, ghost, demon, or others? Can we skip your direct letter?
　　"Ge Shen: You have to listen to him (geyimin).
　　"" II: The more the life continues to be shorter, the more praise the song sings.
　　Ge Shen¨s career is in full swing.
　　878, the night rain of the scoop city: Ge God, I hope you are God
　　Can save people from water and fire...
　　Regardless of whether you are a god or not, I will honor you here first!
　　In case, you are really a god...
　　879, II: I like ＾wordofgod￣s. I want to fill the world with ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"" Ge Hua: The ＾wordofgod￣s of peace spread.
　　"Kamuixixi: gym saints, so many bars are gyms, voting is also the most gym.
　　I seem to have found a strange problem.
　　The gym in the post bar is divided into several factions, and the subtle harmony is maintained in each other's battles.
　　〃〃Ge Hua: 1, Ge Shenpai. 2, the second world. 3. Other Gehua School. 4, Ge Heite, Ge Hei is Gehua, black powder is also powder.
　　"II: Ge God does not need to have a home."
　　He only needs ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　〃〃Ge Hua: Only Ge God.
　　Only ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"II: Gehua is a postmodernist.
　　Believe in the ＾wordofgod￣ but don't believe in God.
　　880, II: What have we won?
　　Now is the era of Ge Shen!
　　"Home Little Dragon Girl 63: I don't know him, but he is a good person in the impression.
　　881, why do people live: Ge God can do it
　　I believe it, Ge Shengren is invincible in the world, who is the slag.
　　"Yyy is flowing through the air: What is Ge? Garbage everywhere
　　"Hua Tianzi 1: A mentally ill person from Jiangsu Province was controlled by a certain force.
　　〃yyy goes through the flow: Look at the post he and his trumpet, really like you said, it is like a performance, someone should give him money, he is so hard to post.
　　882, Bin Bin is old: Ge Shen hurry into God
　　I want to see what God is like.
　　〃Hu│ ti─nz┼?1: There is a kind of cult that hurts the human body and thus harms the world.
　　So you must first remove it.
　　883, Bin Bin¨s age: Neuro Gospel 2:
　　"As long as there are people in the world who are starving to death, all living people are selfish."
　　well said.
　　〃〃Ge Hua A: I beg you to let go of humanity, Ge Yimin will take everything.
　　"Themaw: Jesus can not eat or drink for 40 days, not tempted by the devil's desire, if you can, you can be a prophet.
　　884, Yanayev: Ge God, this is the face of anarchism
　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: The evidence is conclusive, but Gemin is indeed devious, and no one can dare to control him.
　　Lanrose1234: He is a Filipino and should be regarded as a Philippine religious leader.
　　885, Vulgar wiki entry: Ge Yimin
　　Participated in the first year of the Heisei incident, it can be said that it was a progressive youth at that time.
　　Ge Yimin called his followers "Gehua". According to elegant people, it is actually a very limited number of middle-aged women. Elegant people also call themselves "Gehua" when they interact with them.
　　Ge Yimin has long had the view that Gehei is also a Gehua. He believes that insulting himself is also a famous form. It can be seen that some net red IQs who like to speculate on their own negative heat are comparable to Ge Yimin.
　　Ge Yimin claimed to have been "anointed as a god" in the fall of 2001 and became a "Christian communist Internet religious thinker."
　　In 2018, Ge Yimin began to send ＾wordofgod￣s on various short video platforms, specifically moving his vibrating number: geyimin, fast hand number: geyimincom, micro view number: geyimin.
　　Whenever someone asks Ge Yimin to show his miracles or prove that he is a god, he will use "Nervous" and the things he sees in his dreams to argue, whether he is thinking (dream) homesick.
　　The Vulgar wiki is resurrected, and then see how it is compiled.
　　https://weiki.esu.zone/%E8%91%9B%E4%BA%A6%E6%B0%91
　　886, Shi Tiandi: Support Ge God
　　〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Ge Min said that all the gods are said to be fined to the top of the family.
　　〃〃嚼岶爪: We don¨t care about this clown.
　　"Gehua: The realm of Gehua is high, not holy or immortal.
　　887, Kamuixixi: Geshen thoughts are small and super-era
　　Just a matter of time.
　　"The赱dog: Why is gym a sensitive word?"
　　〃〃JennaLouise: Because gym is the only ＾wordofgod￣ of Baidu certification.
　　Naicheng-Chun Jia: His Weibo has always automatically sent me his "Nervous" to me.
　　〃〃垓薩乢蝉: Religious reform.
　　〃Wide-Commerce: The rise of God.
　　888, Zi Hong, Zhang Hongtao: Ge Yimin is a Japanese spy
　　"Gehua: Ge God loves Japanese girls.
　　"" Dig your grave to your tomb: the ＾wordofgod￣s are not dead, the country is difficult to escape.
　　889, the Talman Combat Team: Invaded by the religious communist gods
　　"" Joseph 0 Stalin: a group of people who play the stalk.
　　I probably checked the gym. I didn't laugh at me. I took the gczy banner and reconciled shzy. I said how many people dislike gczy.
　　"Guess who I am: A bit of a god called so close is it that you like him?"
　　890, Gong Yuhe|: Explain, gym is a map to shzy
　　Religiousized folk subjects, most of whom are playing stalks.
　　"fly fly ash: They have not turned over the sky, the more they are under the sorcerer, the more exhausted.
　　〃〃Bienzoroviejo: This (Che Guevara) has been scrapped, Ge God has occupied it.
　　891, Seven Devils: It is said that the top ten false saints seem to be Ge Liang and the people are still 営炙
　　Those few have stopped cooking, and Ge Liang is also persevering.
　　"Gehua: The nine started in the forum and disappeared afterwards.
　　〃〃析健1000: The letter to the fairy GYM God has eternal life.
　　"Fantasy little mung beans: Gehua, they have a big backstage, giving people brainwashing everywhere, or how can they be on the Internet."
　　892, Jin Aihua White: There is a Ge God writing book
　　"The road is no longer the road: I saw the slogan that encouraged the people.
　　After browsing his personal center, some superficial ideas distorted the meaning of deep thoughts, indicating that his book does not need to be read, but only connected to the original law.
　　〃〃析健1000: Shangxian Ge Yimin is the umbrella of the post.
　　893, malamic: You will miss Ge in the future.
　　20191001 nothing happened
　　After the big cry disappeared
　　Never come to post again
　　You will be lonely
　　After all, a generation of sticks X stick
　　Plus the days are getting more and more sad
　　Instead, you will feel how naive and naive you are when you laugh at him.
　　I wish he really came out to save the world.
　　894, Bing Xueling: Ziweixing is the emperor
　　You are sure that Ge Hai can also afford to be a man. He claims to be a god.
　　I don't have much to say about this. If the Ziwei saint is really he is, then I am in trouble. So I don't say anything.
　　"The son of the heavenly election: I am going to go, the cult of the surname Ge.
　　"Hello": I don't usually swear, except for this Ge.
　　895, good to go: Ge, God!
　　"earth king wins: This person is really good.
　　"" is so self-sufficient: God, super god!
　　〃析健1000: Salvation Mingju Ge Yimin God.
　　〃〃Bing Xueling: Ge Hai Yimin and his followers are social people can not afford to delete the posts have been found, I did not provoke you, as for that. 
　　896, Bing Xueling: Everyone¨s role model is Ge
　　Everyone in the Trinity is God.
　　I don¨t think Ge is a good bird. I¨ve taken up so many. Even the names are sensitive words. I¨m still experiencing extramarital affairs. I¨m not going into the game.
　　Oh. correct. He has a bunch of hackers in the background to see who is upset.
　　The key is that there are so many people who believe in him.
　　Even people like this to visually test his teaching is also a cult.
　　Ge Shili really society can't afford it.
　　Piano Black: So I want to contact Satan in China, huh.
　　897, Joseph 0 Stalin: How to claim to be Christ
　　He interprets his name as g: the song of the people, y: Jehovah, m: Marx. The god of religion, at the same time, the great man, how to seal it up, should be a public enemy of the world.
　　"" midnight singing: I am happy to see Ge Shen and other big wrists full of stickers!
　　"Bing Xueling: The main thing to listen to the gym is that you are the author of the ＾wordofgod￣s in the future.
　　"The man smiled brilliantly: I really didn't deal with Ge God, mainly because of the prestige of Ge God. .
　　898, glamorous Zhang Yanan: Ge¨s situation is similar to Jung¨s.
　　Only Jung wrote a red book, and Ge wrote a ＾wordofgod￣.
　　I suggest that Ge go to read the red book, maybe it will help the creation. Last night I saw a story about his gender equality. It was quite thoughtful. He made himself a bad god. Countless religions were planted here. He did not learn from himself.
　　"" midnight singing: I am happy to see Ge Shen and other big wrists full of stickers!
　　"The bubble nickname: It is said that deception is an insult to the word, a means of frustration.
　　899, the gold dust line: Comrade Xiaoge, not whip you
　　But your idealism is fundamentally wrong. Everything is everything, people are the center, the people are productive forces, and people's contradictions are the source of social progress. You must uphold the spirit of Marxism-Leninism, not the expansion of your center.
　　As far as the Bible is concerned, what is your work? In this case, the hyena can be called the champion.
　　Xiao Ge, this said that he copied the "Xing Yi Jing" of the Eastern 坊, his mouth is hard, not the same.
　　"Beibei small alarm clock: Warmly welcome Ge Shen to stay here, I hope you can take this opportunity to sweep away this all anti-goods and false holy and those who are against you! !
　　900, the lonely king: [Announcement, the evil sinner, Ge Yi Min]
　　This person pretends to be a sage, swearing, swearing, and insulting everyone! ! Its followers are also unworthy of people, full of swearing! Disrupt the order. Even if people don't deserve to do it, they dare to say that they are saints? Stupid. This is the typical upper beam that is not under the beam. The true Lagerstroemia saints must make all the counterfeit goods available to the public one by one! Let you be self-confident! Let you know who is leading the gods and gods, and control the Ziwei Jinsheng of the dragon guarding the law!
　　Haha I didn¨t expect the famous ＾Ge Ge Mao￣ who claimed to be a saint to kill the knife. Is it a price drop?
　　901, the king of loneliness: Ge Shen, so many tricks
　　The team of the sages who pretend to be the sages of the gods, the team of self-proclaimed sages, is the most persevering, ignorant, mad, and dirty team I have ever seen. It seems that their entire team is in a state of insanity. It is not easy to achieve this level.
　　902, Bing Xueling: This is occupied by the Ge forces.
　　Gym Ge Yizhen ＾wordofgod￣.
　　You see that they are preaching everywhere. There are many of them.
　　The believers in the gym account for a lot.
　　"Haha oh: Let me tell you this. I have been posting it for two years. Except this Ge, everything else has stopped. Do you know why?"
　　〃〃{鋺: ＾wordofgod￣s, famous collections.
　　903. Does Ge Yimin have the power of Jesus?
　　〃shouhugui: No, Jesus has the power to make a fortune.
　　〃〃乞雑: Yes, the same as the Son of God.
　　〃〃Oss slow: It is competent to delete Ge family.
　　〃署馨克佩: You mean Gejia help?
　　〃〃Oss slow: Why is Ten Jian blocked? Tubaozi is afraid that if Ge is a saint, he is afraid to block, causing Ge¨s post to be reported too much.
　　〃yao_huan89: How is the salary distributed to individuals?
　　〃〃乞雑: There is no salary, and materials are allocated on demand.
　　904, Golden Dust: If Ge carries forward his own teachings
　　Do not mess up the paste, you should also give a certain living space, pay attention to diversity!
　　Os slow: His teaching is to set up a hut on the roadside, and men and women have the freedom to mate when they have demand.
　　It seems that you are as afraid of Ge, and the officially blocked characters, you also said that he is allowed to preach the teachings.
　　〃〃署馨克佩: This is impossible!
　　Individuals have personal will, you can't kill anyone's will with a stick!
　　"Oss slow: Ge's garbage will inevitably be cleaned by the true holy, including those who cover him. If you don't want to clean up, you are digging your own grave.
　　It turns out that you are Ge¨s oh, congratulations, hell already has your position, because you have no ability to distinguish between right and wrong.
　　Personal will? Do not care about disturbing the holy? It seems that you are indeed a dog Ge, or like a treasure, afraid of death.
　　Is the will of promiscuity also worthy of praise? Is this also a saint?
　　I only remind you that if you do the Lord, don't delete the post of Ge believers, the future St. will drive you into eternal hell, don't blame me for not reminding you.
　　Is prophecy a feudal superstition? Accepting Ge¨s remarks that he is a saint, and saying that he should not feudal superstition? What do you want to hide?
　　The thing that Ge Gefa sends is that people know that they are nervous. If you don¨t care, this will inevitably be the result of being sealed. Ge Dog is a cultural exchange, can only say that your brain is not good.
　　〃〃署馨克佩: I am a y衒, Fuxi Kyushu, Seoul and other slaughter can know?
　　905, Jin Chen 克: Ge Jiabang, post later, please send a positive post
　　Many friends have reacted badly to your behavior!
　　Deaf people will be deleted and dealt with, because there are regulations in the bar, long live understanding!
　　do not be angry! Because there is this in the bar rule! The impact is not good.
　　俐俐嵶峠2018: This is more difficult to deal with.
　　I heard that Ge was incorporated.
　　As long as it is a positive energy post, you can still stay.
　　We are also difficult to do. According to the regulations, you must be banned. However, I don't understand why Baidu officials are doing anything to you.
　　"" Han Wu Prajna Paramita: He was not compiled, but was used by some emperors to think about breakfast.
　　俐俐嵶峠2018: : It seems that there is an interest relationship.
　　"" The man smiled brilliantly: Xiaoge, brighten your knife!
　　Xiaoge¨s post left at most two, which is considered to be respect for him. Others should be deleted as water stickers, otherwise the posts of other people will be squeezed out!
　　906, Kamuixixi: Ge ym spirit eternal life
　　The spirit of the gym is not extinguished.
　　The spirit of the gym is strong.
　　Gym Thunderbolt King.
　　"The son of the election: Ge xx listens! The brain is a good thing, I hope you have it too."
　　〃〃躓躓躓 :: This is already a bit of a cult, hope to close early. You are not a saint, a saint in this place, let innocent people live their lives. Believe in you? Why believe in you? What nutrients can you give them? In addition to self-sufficiency, let them support you to maintain your hypocrisy. I really didn't expect to be able to run into this evil person in the post bar! It's been a long time since I posted it. Although there are all kinds of people, this time I am the most angry and feel the maliciousness of you.
　　What is not upright, really can't be fake, fake can't be true! Only fake every day to prove that you are true. Clear in my heart. Not much to say, go back early.
　　"Doing a few eight games: There is no Ge god religion in Taikoo County, Shanxi Province, and there is no child.
　　907, 躓躓躓 things: What Ge God, who can explain what is going on?
　　Suddenly I saw a lot of slogans in many posts. What ge, eternal life, not dead. Supreme. . . .
　　Catch up is the trend of cult organizations?!!
　　Who is the so-called Ge God? What is he doing? It is dangerous to continue this way. People who know him should stop him.
　　"Doing a few eight games: Longevity is a long-lived! !
　　The ant is not worth mentioning, the secular is the strongest king~
　　Leave the cult and live forever.
　　908, Kamuixixi: gym is my reborn parents
　　The Virgin is immortal.
　　"Fire Dexing Jun: He will only teach you to believe in yourself, he is the king.
　　""Kamuixixi: gym eternal life to be god.
　　躓躓躓 躓躓躓 things: Do you know what God is? Do you know what is eternal life? If God can come to your head, this world is really destroyed! The real cult! Quickly eradicate.
　　""Kamuixixi: I think gym is very interesting.
　　Other people seem to have no meaning.
　　Do you believe it or not? Anyway, I believe.
　　The greatness of life.
　　"Old man 1000: Salvation Ming Jun Ge Yimin God.
　　〃"俐馴嵶峠2018: Its practical toe head thinks and knows,
　　We have no ability to ban the water mark.
　　Manpower is not enough.
　　Moreover, the Ge number is entangled with the forces of the parties.
　　The power of either side is not a fuel-efficient lamp.
　　Will this be blocked?
　　It is an unknown number.
　　909, drunken eyes: 20190101GEyi芫藍
　　"Joseph 0 Stalin: How do you start to fight now? It is no wonder that there are not many people who believe in his stuff, and it does not constitute any harm.
　　〃〃躓躓躓 :: It¨s really speechless t t 椎倖 The ＾wordofgod￣ is what it is, attracting so many people to worship?
　　910, the Lord is the true God: Gehua is nervous at the post!
　　Let your Lao Ge go to Zhongnan to call the king! Every day at home, pollution stickers, you can count! It¨s really disappointing! ......
　　Hu Jianjun, you remember: Is there any kind of sinful person who goes to the South and South China to dress up? ...... 
　　911, Tianquan Shengwang Wanguo: This little brother and younger sister is still analyzing and analyzing the holy
　　Don't go to dispute again.
　　Why should you go, GYM is a person who is a god or a mental illness, there is no need to argue, and there is no result in the dispute. I believe that he is God's and believes that he is a god. He treats him as a mentally ill, mentally ill, Chinese. It¨s not all about telling the story. Ge¨s people are still not dead. This society is still not peaceful and happy. When the real food is not enough, the clothes are not covered, the war is raging, when the poverty is over, who can help you? Come out, who is not the real saint, why bother to be here, the saints come out in chaos. At least our leadership team is still very good. They are all doing their best to build China and benefit the people. Such people can be respected as sages (if St. and Ren, then I dare), and Chinese traditional culture. It is humble and gentle. I have reason to believe that GYM is not going to dig deep into traditional culture. This is actually not much related to the saints. Maybe he is a sage, but this has to be judged by later generations...
　　912, invincible passerby A: Ge Yizhen, don't yell, this kind of person is not awake
　　By reversing the Bible and combining some common sense of political history, it is reasonable to refute this rumored religion.
　　Chen Pingfei is a Christian: Is Ge Shizhen? ?
　　The plague of Ge is a false Christ.
　　"" Fengyun suddenly appeared: Others do not know, Huaxia has a job is that sanctification here is banned, there is no place to work Ge God has attacked the city slightly.
　　913, Bing Xueling: IMHO quotation book 80
　　"Fire Dexing Jun: Fortunately, Shunqi God.
　　Remembering a parent's name, a religious name is not used to deceive a good filial parent.
　　〃〃杏杏喘薩_5V75Z6R: Hey, you said that Ge Youmin is also a student who came out of the Chinese Department of Nanjing University in the 1990s. I suggest that you should not do this yourself and your family and school.
　　914, all arms: Who is Ge God, listening to it without strength
　　〃Zx Fangmu: Brushing the screen all day. Pollution this environment. If I have the ability, I will get you sooner or later. Ge ym Laozi remembers.
　　"" Fire Dexing Jun: He is a liar carefully.
　　〃Perception: Are you a pyramid scheme, is it a pyramid scheme or a pyramid scheme?
　　"The moon returns: He has been caught by the black angel.
　　915, small wooden fish stone: Ge is indeed a generation of silver heroes
　　However, people cannot be saved and energy is too small.
　　_ Postbar User _5V75Z6R: The literati writers like Ge Youmin have gone over in the past dynasties. When faced with a major crisis, you are useless or useless!
　　The dynasties have failed in the past, and it is possible to succeed in the lives of others with Baidu and your Ge Yimin. ! Baidu and Ge Yimin are all licking themselves a few pounds?!
　　Ge Yimin himself was used as a life-changing ghost and gave money to others. Ge¨s own sin is also deep enough!
　　"" Ge Hua: Ge Shen opened a new world.
　　Dear Big Wheat: Are you a Christian? Not with the wicked, there is no need to be angry with them.
　　916, Ge Shen investigation
　　"" Ge God to the big! Do more dreams and improve your ＾wordofgod￣ details.
　　"He is a god (referring to gym); increase the intensity.
　　""hen; continue to work hard.
　　"gym is god; good! wonderful!
　　"Yes, but I hope he can take into account the realities; do something practical.
　　"" The world's crumbs; go out early.
　　917, the goddess of the three gods: Ge God, this person is a little scholar of the year
　　There are thousands of vests to sell, but a little sword goes to the road to teach the shoes.
　　Dear Big Wheat: Oh, my God, so many messy things, what's wrong with this.
　　"" Greifs 19: Is the Lord and the bar are not there? So many ** in the mess to paste it.
　　Sure enough, people are not afraid of people, but people are too stupid.
　　"Bing Xueling: The application was not given. The original owner was reported by the gym forces.
　　〃〃郡乞呀酎縄就: Ge Hei answered well, Baidu was bought by Ge Shen.
　　"Bing Xueling: You are not anti-Ge Ge? Why is Ge¨s power?
　　〃〃乞雑: Gehei is Gehua.
　　"The return of the moon: Ah, I have served you with this group of nettles and believers."
　　〃〃Vector hand control: Isn¨t it Satan here, why are everyone brushing immigration there?
　　"Bing Xueling: Gym forces must take up...
　　〃〃Vector Hand Real Control: Just went to Baidu for a moment, this is also a belief?
　　They believe in their gym and what it has to do with Satan.
　　918, seeing the world with wisdom: Ge Yizhen, superficial mortal
　　No water screams? ! Earth for help? ! Animal suffering? ! Is the material rich? ! Did not see GM seeds a year of production, hunger hell? ! extreme weather? ! glacial melting? ! Species extinction? ! What you have: Confucius is more beautiful than you wrote thousands of years ago: Everyone is for me, I am for everyone, there is no thief in the world! The world is absolutely perfect!
　　"Ge Yimin: The level is good, but have you read the ＾wordofgod￣s? Confucius is Christian communism?"
　　〃〃Goggles to see the world: It is estimated that there will soon be schizophrenia to help you! What do you say about the nature of the universal religion? ! I am a friend of Christianity, they say one side, but when they do it, they are not so cautious and strict! Tell me: greed, jealousy, infatuation still worry! Your stupidity is obsessed, others know that you are in the sea of ??suffering, only your own patients with major depression do not know! Is the philosophy of scientific communism the fur you say? !
　　"Gehua: Buddha sister, Wanjiao originated from God, Ge Yizhen's god.
　　〃〃earth king wins: I said, Ge Hang you talk about the paper, and did not know the experience of the country farmers, I do not know the desire of the people. You don't know how to farm. You don't even know the comparison between the recent history and the mystery of development. You are blindly pursuing the ignorant people's commune, and reversing the history of failure. Although you are from the virtual door of the diploma, I have seen you like Jiang Gan.
　　919, look at the world with wisdom: Ge God, technology is so developed today
　　Who is ignorant? ! The thief first smashed the king! The leader of Christianity will educate the congregation himself, and you will not need your thoughts! I am an ordinary person! No faction! Bystanders clear!
　　First of all, people's greed, jealousy, idiots, slowness, suspicion, life and death, love to leave, can not ask, resentment, can not let go of the solution! Then deal with the greenhouse effect! Clear the original source! Eliminate wars - Pudu sentient beings! That is the merit of the successor of the 1.3 billion Chinese dragon! It is important that you go to the doctor first!
　　Knowing the source of robbery has a solution! We all know that 30 million people are awake, you don't know? ! Be a reliable person first!
　　You are the garbage of the imaginary disease! If it is not for humans to consume energy excessively, how can we save the world! Do you understand the greenhouse effect? ! Stupid mortal illiterate!
　　Call this person to be a mortal mental illness patient! Need treatment or regulation! Its: cult organization!
　　Eat better? ! Animal road needs? ! Car? ! Why is France rioting? ! Still too little CO2? !
　　"Ge Hua: Solving the problems caused by science in scientific development, rather than stagnation, it is not pulling backwards.
　　920, look at the world with wisdom: Gehei, support you! I am an ordinary Chinese.
　　They are fascinating! rest assured! The world will be even better!
　　〃Vector hand control: Baidu is blocked, you brush the homonym. Funny is not funny.
　　If Ge ym has nothing to do with Satan, please leave this. Okay.
　　〃〃甥僣早: They are not so good. It is estimated that the first generation, the Lord Ye Xue is a gym believer. They think that Ge is on the bar. This is to "grab back" (God Logic).
　　Free: Ge 1 people? Zha, not as good as that quan can be amazing.
　　Quan can teach God is a relatively powerful Boss, this Ge 1 folk road is too shallow.
　　I see that the things written by Ge Yimin are really nausea.
　　The next Enlightenment, I hope to see it in my lifetime. That is the true awakening of reason and wisdom, and the true progress of civilization. But this is not a credit for one person (those who are xie coaches, just a clown), but the same as the Enlightenment of the previous one, which is the credit of many people.
　　A disaster is easy to predict;
　　And a revolution in which the causal relationship is complicated, is it so easy to calculate?
　　Even if there is a god, in addition to mental illness, it is a high-dimensional creature to chaos - the so-called God, fear of our growth rate.
　　We don't need high-dimensional creatures, what we need is the self-awakening.
　　921, goggles to see the world: Ge Shen, a patient with major depression
　　Where the patient! Identification is completed! The government will manage it! How can this person be taught in the world! And it is the knowledge of Huanghua yesterday! Old people often do not follow the laws of nature! Hong Xiuquan: The Taiping Heavenly Kingdom has failed! Don't say that you are now ignorant of the higher education crowd!
　　Hey! Hong Kong? ! Zhonghua Long does not know where to go, the side door left!
　　Bodhisattva fears, mortals fear the fruit! You are a serious depression patient! Even if she is the best in the whole world, she doesn't like it. Look at what you are asking for? ! Let go of yourself!
　　You are a mortal dissipate! You are a thief! Wisdom is gone!
　　Can't ask for it! Pray!
　　You wake up and make a meritorious deed! It is the 1.3 billion sages! There are no specific saints and saints! It¨s just a talented person! Not surprisingly!
　　922, Ray Dog Qu Yuanren: Why did Ge Yizhen run here to teach?
　　"Gehua: 94, because we think Ge Yimin's big vision "I am God, you have to listen to him (referring to Ge Yimin)." To let the world know, Gehua tried to teach on the Internet. Gospel of Ge Yimin, the gospel of the Internet age.
　　〃〃Sanhe Goddess: Ge Shen
　　"Kamuixixi: It's so powerful.
　　"" eleven lucn: This is Satan, where come so much cut a Min.
　　923, this is the rhythm to drive Ge God to the United States.
　　1, Baidu Encyclopedia entry "Ge Yimin": Your real name verification content has been officially offline, reason: involving cults.
　　2, paste the thinker certification big V "Ge Yimin" ban: customer service reply: You have issued a large number of water cult organizations and other violations of information, seriously disturbed the normal post order of the post, can not be forgiven, so you continue in the black Stay in the house!
　　3, Baijia No. "Ziwei Sage Ge Yimin" closed: Processing details: Hello, dear author, sorry for the inconvenience, after the staff verified the review again, because you published a number of articles involving feudal superstition, so credit 0, please know, so your account will not be unblocked, please know, thank you for your understanding and support!
　　4, the name into a search forbidden words, Baidu search "Ge Yimin": Baidu for you to find relevant results about 0.
　　?????PS: Baidu search "Ge Yimin": Baidu finds about 11,500 results for you
　　5, Baidu Post Bar: "Ge Yimin" is a sensitive word, can not be sent out.
　　6, "Ge Yimin" Baidu Post Bar, know, video, pictures, libraries are shielded.
　　[03.26 Application for unblocking] Ge Yimin
　　Post Bar Exposure Platform: Hello, thank you for your feedback, verified by Baidu Post Bar Management Team, the problem you reflected is because you can post it because of the action of the net, so please understand!
　　Related: Yemei Bar, God, Gospel, True God, Prophet, God, God, God Party, Song Yimin, Gehua, St. Yemei, etc.;
　　7, Alibaba Cloud website host closed several times, shielding the domain name.
　　8, Tencent QQ main number46377923, banned for one year, only because of who two sentences.
　　9. The domain name godjiao.com, the record number of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology was cancelled.
　　924, Yuxiduo Xiujiao: Guide Ge Yimin, Lord.
　　"Mingricai2007: Both are 2018, and the scam "I believe that I have eternal life", there will be people who believe that for millions of years, humans have not changed anything.
　　Stupid people are not born stupid, but they choose to become fools.
　　"" is a very embarrassing workmanship: What is this? How can I only post a cult post? ?
　　925, paste the user _5X99VGy: God State is the god party!
　　"Unwise old play boy: Ge bad Yimin He is a cult, is a liar.
　　""" seems to understand people who do not understand: that person, look at his face, you know, the magic is heavy.
　　"Home Little Dragon Girl 63: Ge God is a saint, others say it is a liar neuropathy, I only admire Ge God. He is not an enemy of anyone, there is a measure.
　　926, corn Xiaofu: What is gym?
　　How are you everywhere?
　　Where is the biogas tank blown up?
　　Where to go, a group of music.
　　"Eleven lucn: Satan is still Satan, it will not change because of the invasion of Min Min.
　　"" mingricai2007: That's right.
　　They try to destroy our homes, but they cannot destroy our will.
　　The thinking of Satanism is connected to each of us. Starting today, from now on, let us take back Satan.
　　"Three-in-one goddess: Ge God, how do you get me on Weibo, do you want it?
　　〃〃乞雑: Goddess is good, this is history.
　　927, look at the world with wisdom: Ge Sheng, what you call 86 is her brother and sister who share the honor and shame.
　　She knows their mission! afraid? ! She only cares about their success! Use magical powers to think about it! The law is extinguished! The robbery failed!
　　Also warn you! If you use the magical power to influence the take-off of the Chinese dragon, it is against the sky! Because many great virtues are in the dragon's head! Your integration team is connected for you! How will they be against you? ! Fortunately for it!
　　928,OOOO God of Wealth OOO: Ge Yizhen may be a must
　　But he is not a saint of Ziwei. If he is, then the world will not know what it is.
　　Dear Big Wheat: He is sent by the devil, going to hell.
　　〃〃涙崘析螺湧: cult mad, the rest, life and death is difficult to determine.
　　〃Vector hand control: I found his personal page on the Vulgar wiki, it is really 6 ah.
　　929, the return is very: Ge Yimin's theory, a palace of Zen, a Christian
　　Both of these are harmful things, killing thousands of people, and he is also pushing a pack of strength.
　　This is not a lie, not to believe in history.
　　"Gehua: 96, Geyema (Ge Yimin, Jesus Marx)
　　Geyema = gym = Ge Yimin.
　　930, Dear Big Wheat: Always see the name Ge God
　　Is this a cult organization?
　　terrible.
　　"Gold Dust": Ge Jiabang is also a family, I took him to more than 100,000 people to praise, he will be paralyzed!
　　〃￣jinla666: Just don¨t look at it, don¨t you have anything to do with Ge.
　　"" mingricai2007: I really want to see this group of Ge surname clowns can still lick a few days (tea.
　　How do you feel that this group is afraid that others will reply to them and set the ID as a harmonious word?
　　"Gehua: Ge Shen's real name is a sensitive word.
　　931, Wang Zhongqiang: How is it posted by Ge?
　　A person who engages in personal worship. A person who has a tendency to swindle money. Is it a cult, but what is the idea to discuss?
　　In the 21st century, do you still believe this?
　　"Buddhist Maitreya Buddha: Who is daring to make a blasphemy, pushes to the temple of the Dragon and the Dragon, the decapitation of the public, the moon."
　　"" Socialist idle: a cult.
　　"4399 StarCraft: Oh, I thought you were doing it, and I was in the fox.
　　"" Socialist idlers: I don't bother to understand the stuff, only know that they pollute many niche stickers~
　　932, the servant of Jesus: Ge Yimin, a number of people who have committed a pardon
　　Only those who commit the Holy Spirit will not be forgiven in this world. Even the birth of Jesus Christ claims to be the Son of Man, and you are brazen enough to call God, and you are farther and farther away on the road to perdition.
　　Wang Zhongqiang: It¨s terrible. I don¨t understand what this person¨s mind is.
　　"" Principal adults l_: This is the case, are things that can not be falsified.
　　"fywlawyer: What is the ghost in this melee now?" The troubled god told.
　　Ge Yimin is another high person?
　　〃〃Vector hand control: a zz.
　　"Mingricai2007: Then those who copy and paste on the duang~ appeared in your post, back to the same post, you want to reply to them and found that their IDs are all sensitive words, the response can not be sent out.
　　"" Three-in-one goddess: Ge sin.
　　933, Brahma Maitreya Buddha: Ge Yizhen is Maitreya Buddha
　　Maitreya Buddha is Ge Yizhen, and Ge Yizhen is a perfect man.
　　"Dong Qingyi: He said eight words, one nonsense.
　　"Three-in-one goddess: Ge sin, can you forgive the sins of all mankind?"
　　How do you get me on Weibo, do you want to die or die?
　　"900 million girls dream w-: Galaxy ordered the arrest of the art.
　　
　　934, Brahma Maitreya: Ge God is Messiah
　　〃Life and death cycle: Please do not vent the open air machine.
　　"" "Oh, I am anonymous ok: genius and mental retardation is indeed a kind of person is believed, the other is rejected, but Ge Yiming is purely nonsense, not the same.
　　"mrsp2018: This era is a great turning point in the convergence of various ideas.
　　〃〃踐昌椀繁: 浴壇舒祇!
　　
　　935, eleven lucn: Ge Mou, this is being reclaimed by the Shuijun.
　　〃Vector hand control: ah?
　　〃〃sq825499331: The more you brush, the longer he judges...
　　〃Trial amount: Really caught?
　　I remember that he seemed to have brushed his own news of being caught...
　　〃〃sq825499331: Early arrested.
　　Bell is Bell: The Ge believers said that it was a rumor that they made their own pity. I still want to celebrate.
　　"" mingricai2007: I remember they seem to know you.
　　Bell is Bell: They also recorded my words. I am entangled in me and asked me to write "＾wordofgod￣". Anyway, I disagree.
　　"" mingricai2007: It will not be the one who is now in the class room to see you.
　　Bell is Bell: Horror...
　　〃〃sq825499331: Is there an official fake?
　　I copied myself and was okay.
　　〃Trial amount: Really 6.
　　"" mingricai2007: Actually there is a studio. . . True and false ==
　　
　　936, inch sword rong: Ge Shen, famous for a fart
　　Once the gold hoop is set, it will not be picked up!
　　"Deep sacredness: Is this person who created a cult someone believe?" Everyone knows that his brain is not normal except for the letter of the third grade.
　　"" Guess who I am: March 2019 ~ November 2019. Ge Yizhen, he said in front of me that he wants to go out, a dead liar. From March to November, I have to go out on my own. You also believe, I also served. More than one person. understand? He doesn't want to come again. After the month of December, I went out.
　　Gehua, you! Asking you for eternal life? Do you have eternal life? Don't go to that day. I feel like I have been cheated. Reply.
　　"Little wood fish stone: On that day, Ge Renran is just an ordinary mental illness.
　　
　　937, guess who I am: Ge Shen, how is this possible?
　　Through the names of others, they sneak around and lie. Defrauding money and cheating. Still not low-key? Estimated to be also an official fan. miser.
　　"dbzdy123: After all, there are still people with bright eyes.
　　"Jerusalem: This is normal in the last days. If you don't count, you will be finished. Anyway, you can't live forever."
　　_ Post bar user _5V75Z6R: Lao Ge also came to the fun!
　　〃〃旌湿: Welcome.
　　
　　938, 2l century is China d: <Ge pseudo-goods> said good [2019 communist society]
　　There are still two days!
　　When you get there, [転然] <Ge pseudo-goods>, <Ge pseudo-goods> Don¨t talk, don¨t count, <God> can¨t talk?
　　At present, the most of the "Ping the World" also said that [to enter the well-off society in an all-round way by 2020] I dare not say [to enter the Communist society in 2020]
　　I really don't know if this [no schooling] and [only arbitrarily obsessive] <Gezhijiao> where the courage to dare to say [to enter the communist society in 2019], not only earlier than <Pingtianxia> One year, but also [community society], this <Ge pseudo-goods> is to want to grab the limelight of today's <Ping the World>?
　　Two days later, <Ge sham] will be guilty of [network sin].
　　"Gehua: 20191001, there are still 9 months.
　　There is a ＾wordofgod￣, there is a countdown to the gods network.
　　Ge Yimin's blog: There is still a distance from the world: 5444 days 10:17.
　　
　　939, guess who I am: Ge God, I hope you are right.
　　Don't despair until the day.
　　〃900 Million Girl Dreams w-: Childish Half-Leg Sociology
　　Add a little religious format to the ridiculous propaganda trick
　　These two goods claim to be cults are insulting these two words.
　　
　　940, the man smiled innocently: Hey! Ge God is driving.
　　It¨s really making the house shine!
　　Ge God has been seduce by me. . . I feel very honored, which shows that my old man is really attractive. . .
　　〃Sin: A powerful person will look rich. normal.
　　At least, Ge has money and strength. wrong. Will use money to build momentum.
　　"The man smiled innocently: Do you know that Ge God has money?" I do not know how? Is it my big money on the list?
　　〃Sin: Operate hundreds of thousands of posts. It lasts for many years. This is no longer the ability of ordinary people.
　　
　　941, socialist idle: about the issue of "Ge Yizhen"
　　I said that you are a chattering "X teaches the Virgin" is endless? ! What is the relationship between Ge¨s sacred and my cosmopolitanists? We did not read "＾wordofgod￣", but we fell down to the main door of Ge. Besides, you are here to make this kind of thing is Amway in disguise, some pass by, if you are curious to go to "Ge Yizhen" is brainwashed, that is your fault! In my opinion, you still go to the base camp of the guys to fight, can you give me the pure land of the group?
　　"Ge Hua: Because Ge God is contemporary Christian communism.
　　"" Socialist Leisure: The Taiping Heavenly Kingdom?
　　Marxism is atheism. Go well, don't send~
　　"Ge Hua: 21, communism was first proposed by Christian theologians. As a doctrine of communism, communism was first created by Christian theologians. The concepts of ＾distribution according to work and distribution on demand (reward on demand)￣ were first proposed by these theologians.
　　"The socialist idlers: I advocate "limited union", after all, our socialist party members are materialistic.
　　"Gehua: We want to be unified."
　　
　　942, the edge of the edge of the extinction 133: Holy 壞 I dage
　　"Socialist leisure: What is the king of the day?
　　"" Ge Hua: World President.
　　"Socialist leisure: Then let's say: daydreaming!
　　〃〃乞雑: From the world, there are still: 5443 days 3:56.
　　Chen Pingfei is a Christian: Many people are confused.
　　"Civilized person 15: Has applied for the Lord, but failed, seeing this has become a holy place for Gehua, or not willing, I will continue to work hard until the application is successful.
　　
　　943. Chen Pingfei is a Christian: Ge Yizhen, turning back is the shore, the Lord Jesus is waiting for you.
　　"Gehua: Ge God is Jesus coming again.
　　〃〃爺聞爽線: Always say Ge Yizhen? What about your ass? He is very good, compared to you.
　　I believe him, he dares to say bad things about God Buddha, dare to resist injustice.
　　944, a few words: I don't know what Ge
　　In the end, it came out, but if God is so literary, he can't even understand that *** would rather be a firm atheist.
　　Everyone who claims to be a god is hypocritical. Because ta disdain, because ta does not need to say, because ta does not have to say. God is a concept built by man, and for God, the existence of ta can prove itself. Ta does not need you to believe or not.
　　Ta does not need to "try" "refining" because the world is an answer to him rather than a problem. This infinity is not a journey but an end point for ta.
　　"Mei black: Ge Shendao into the body.
　　"shzy leisure: The Fourth International is also falling...
　　945, digging potatoes 90: Ge God, flicker, then flicker
　　"Socialist leisure: very simple, divert attention away from him, you will gradually forget it~
　　""Yue Qingyan: How does the gym always come to send this meaningless post.
　　"The servant of Jesus: Jesus Christ did not claim to be a god. Jesus Christ was tempted by the devil for 40 days and nights. During this period, he did not eat. He did not know how long this self-proclaimed god could not eat. Don't starve himself when he was starving.
　　〃〃Strategy: It is God who really can not eat.
　　"Gehua: Complete God, complete person."
　　
　　946, Brahma Maitreya: The universe will make Ge God
　　Jehovah Elohim, the dark creator of Jesus Christ, broke into hell, and the three real fires were turned into gray, and the believer's area was filled with memory. Suffered from the suffering of the three. Announced the Three Realms, the Universe Order. Announce the universe of the Brahma Kingdom, the heaven of heaven.
　　"The servant of Jesus: Jesus Christ can let the dumb talk, the blind man see, the blind man hear, the dead resurrection, can your Ge God not starve to eat food for 40 days?
　　〃 Plastic products: ignorance.
　　"" Dreams into the play: I just went online, I saw that there are only four applicants left, thinking that the trumpet of a certain Ge is deleted, and it is yours, I also feel puzzled.
　　
　　947, Grosixinoy: The legend of Ziwei has hurt too many people.
　　Now I¨m going crazy, there¨s a double-generation of this kind of gossip, and there¨s a day-to-day bombing of a handsome guy who wants to step into the sky.
　　Too many people are mad, but this is still the case when Ziwei¨s legend has not been confirmed. If the legend of Ziwei is true, there may be more people who have been harmed since ancient times. The best things to make, in order to fight for these two things, there are countless battles. Now Ziwei comes out to tell everyone that in addition to the power and money in the world, there is a better magical power, which will cause much disputes and confusion, think about ordinary Treasures can trigger a big dispute. If this thing comes out, it will cause a lot of blood and rain, and human society may even completely disintegrate...
　　Ziwei, you go, it¨s terrible, we don¨t want to see you.
　　"Beautiful stick: II is a disciple, not a child.
　　
　　948, socialist idle: knock down the gods!
　　￣jinla666: Dialectical materialism is the most powerful tool to expose the reactionary face of the gods.
　　"" Socialist idle: My criterion is "can't let the brown teaching forces lead a movement."
　　〃X name is really difficult to take 4: Who can explain who Ge is who is.
　　"" mingricai2007: I have only heard of it, saying that Ge was a Satan who had been a long time ago, so they came.
　　949, Angel Lin Biao: This Ge is also better than the saint
　　All who support him are people. He comes from people, human ancestors, saints. I am afraid that the saints also look down on the saints.
　　"Civilized person 15: This is the Ge Yimin Shuijun, can you get out of here, otherwise I will be the representative of the Lotus Buddha and the Puyang Glacier, and a kitchen knife will take your first level (though the Ge Shen also It¨s strange to have money to hire the water army.)
　　〃〃qruum: No one will welcome them.
　　
　　950, Civilized Person 15: Ge God, this is the previous batch of special
　　After the Lord was flooded with advertisements, the advertisements did not come, and only Ge Yimin was left.
　　"Socialist Leisure: Declare again, don't think about posting on me!
　　〃〃FI Frank Branch: Are you an emperor? !
　　"Socialist leisure: If you are not a firm atheist, do you believe in it?" Then go out.
　　I would rather go to hell after death!
　　
　　951,chinamoney6: True God Word: Eternal life needs to stay away from impersonating Ge
　　Prerequisites for eternal life: believe in God: stay away from impersonation.
　　It is time to choose the fate.
　　Pretending to be God: the sinner of God.
　　Pretending to be God: God's sinner.
　　
　　952, post it user _5VWUE69: Ge Yizhenru if you really know how to repent from me
　　Opportunities are fleeting and rare. Your bad name is also very useful to me.
　　〃1006382431: Don't say this in front of me, your set of flickers is okay.
　　"The tree on the mountain: The communism you said is different from what we said."
　　"Gehua: Every effort is made and allocated as needed.
　　953, Zhao Qiurong: In the busy schedule, the new chapter of Ge¨s leader appeared again.
　　The teacher has been really powerful recently, and it is getting more and more powerful..
　　"I only blame me for being too deep in the play: the development of these chapters is slow."
　　"Ge Shen: Not too much."
　　〃〃a437595914: What's wrong with this, what religion is not religious, can your teaching be played by Islam?
　　
　　954, eleven lucn: Satan is not Ge¨s.
　　It is not a place where you can find a sense of existence.
　　〃〃乞雑: Wans are all Geshen.
　　"Lovely Zun Xia Yi: Spread the cult."
　　"" Frozen pure water ★ cool: Ge Yiming major chicken.
　　"The depths of the deep: a few + old people still do these childish things, what is the life experience."
　　
　　955, easy to think of heaven: Ge Shenyi name is good ＾wordofgod￣s
　　"Quiet quietly 82: This number is good. Can't look back. Tips are sensitive. Ge Shenweiwu.
　　〃〃杏杏喘薩_5VWUE69: Jianghu scams, one call and one response, in order to achieve a certain purpose, to understand the conspiracy, the identification is completed.
　　"eryueniaofei: It is also a man."
　　
　　956, Lorraine right: the true hypocrisy written by the ＾wordofgod￣
　　Hypocritical and ridiculous.
　　Meaningless spread ideas, now he is dead This is a good thing.
　　Unfortunately, it is hateful.
　　It¨s a pity that I want to let people know.
　　It is a pity that the sage's life is short. Why don't you know that it is feasible?
　　Why do you believe in a thought communicator?
　　Everything will pass away, your life will change, but it will not become God.
　　Anyway, everything about Ge Yimin will be lost and passed away. No one will save. Only forget that he no longer thinks that he is the messenger sent by God. This will save your heart and thought.
　　Remember, in the face of an impostor, all the scams he does will become a force that hurts himself, and the true god will not show up.
　　In-depth analysis of the meaning of God You will only find that God is the top of philosophy.
　　
　　957, Purgatory Knight: Witness the struggle of two ideologies
　　The inevitable conflict between the horse-like colloids abandoned by the regime and the folk-generated Hong Xiuquan No. 2 Ge God.
　　There is no threat to the simple Protestantism, but a variant like the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom will surely establish a supreme leader. It used to be Hong Xiuquan, now it is Ge Dashen; the Buddhist variant wheel, the supreme leader Hong Ge, the Taoist variant Ziwei saint; in fact, there is no difference with Stalin. These guys will only drag our country to the Middle Ages and drag back to the Great Leap Forward.
　　The horse's original colloid and the gods are also half a catty.
　　"Socialist leisure: The landlord wants to use Western methods and nationalism at most. What do you want to do to worship God?
　　
　　958, the person who dominates yin and yang: Ge God is a compassionate image!
　　See how this person is a bit like a Buddha! It is a bit like Buddha.
　　I don't know this person, but I don't think he is a wicked person!
　　〃5GXL5: Take care!
　　〃〃掴堝惻弊順: To listen to him (refer to Ge Yizhen).
　　"Stalin: Rolling, Ge. Also. Hey."
　　Ge Yimin and Stalin have a J8 relationship.
　　Explosive roll.
　　"Quiet quiet 82: Where can I see the full version of the ＾wordofgod￣? Hong Kong?
　　"Cat 擅 Qian Ming: How are you going? Who are all rushing? ? ? ? This person. Who?
　　
　　959, Chen Pingfei is a Christian: Ge Yizhen, false gods came out
　　A terrible gibberish. Ge god sticks, confused many people.
　　"Soviet-Yanaev: Who can tell me what is going on with these posts.
　　Let them get out. Looked at the eyes.
　　〃〃査猟吸寄祇: What silly B stuff, are you a cultist? I am afraid that the C-Party will take you to the nickname?
　　
　　960, ккск: Ge Shen participated in the Heisei first year event?
　　〃He: You can see the fourteenth chapter of "＾wordofgod￣", "Ge Yimin Biography"
　　The theory of Western ghosts mad:gy is even more conscience than the flying dancers on the tributary wiki.
　　〃d: Sensitive person.
　　〃〃襟杏A Dream: Change the boss of this GYM (disorder).
　　"The fissile Lin Biao: GYM IS GOD.
　　〃〃wwwwww:hi!geyimin!
　　〃斂: THIS MAN.
　　〃〃qq. 滷腰倫壇蟻: It is God Everyone must swear me.
　　
　　961, Wanlong Culture: Non-Ge Yimin himself, the Chinese saints will not endorse their characters
　　Look at the eight characters, find the saint, and proceed.
　　〃3 A Bao As: You have been a cow from 2013 and now it is a cow.
　　"Socialist leisure: This kind of evangelist no one believes in the pro ~
　　Look, this is the ugly face of the cultists.
　　Even if you don't believe it, you can't make people die.
　　I suggest that your missionaries have a bit of quality. Don¨t threaten others and swear words, so your style can be better.
　　"Children left: Do not care about them."
　　"" Grosixinoy: Ge Da fool.
　　
　　962, playing in a funny dog: learning rogue with Fang Zhouzi, learning with a magical mouse
　　On a crazy night, 1969, 01, 31 nights, Ge Yimian neuropathy sauce was born.
　　Dare to ask Ge Yimian neuropathy from where? Can have parents? For whom? Don't say that your big god is born of yourself?
　　I made myself and then created my parents?
　　"Wanlong culture: Oh, don't understand, anyway, the name is a sensitive word, Baidu can't send it.
　　
　　963, comet visitor: Listen to the government saying that Lao Ge has passed away.
　　I never knew Lao Ge, but I heard the government said that Lao Ge had passed away!
　　Listening to the government's legal system, Lao Ge has passed away, saying that it is very poor!
　　"Wanlong Culture: Oh, God will not say that he is a god, show miracles, do not claim to be God, but also God.
　　Chen Pingfei is a Christian: Ge, fake.
　　I hope you get lost.
　　Come in again, how come so many people who are confused?
　　〃〃city: Ge is what.
　　〃LimitedHuman: What did you say?
　　"" Joseph 0 Stalin: The fear of cursing people like them is not a cult or a horror.
　　
　　964, Beidou Qixingtang: People are neurology books. Haha.
　　Did not see. Neuroscientism. Neural letter of intent. All ＾wordofgod￣s. Let him go.
　　"At the moment: the landlord, your faith should belong to the outside world for the people of Xianba. The so-called different roads are different. Push yourself and others, don't want to do it to others. Please respect other people in Xianba.
　　〃〃乞雑: Wanjiao is one of Geshen.
　　
　　965, no change of name: support Laoge, you are excellent
　　Looked at the ＾wordofgod￣s of Ge Ge.
　　You are excellent, you are arrogant, no one is better than you.
　　Gehua refueling.
　　A group of Ziwei saints came out, this is the rhythm of the day.
　　Ge Yimin wants to know if you say that he will be happy.
　　
　　966, Sustained Release Tablet 7: Ge Hua, you don't listen to the party's call
　　It is also a bad animal to be a good animal.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Shen is bigger than the party.
　　〃〃薯戯-鋲徨: Too right, Ge is a cult leader.
　　I don't believe it, unless Ge Yimin let the sky fall tomorrow, I will believe.
　　"Children left: If I listen to him, I am really dead."
　　"" The creator of the lord: Ge Yimin is a garbage population, shit is not.
　　
　　967, Soviet Lieutenant: Gehua, robot only
　　"You": Grandson of Grande, I know, I was drinking together yesterday, and he didn't say it, Erkan is also OK.
　　"Stalin: We don't need cults."
　　〃〃貧蘚: God, then I will burn high incense and high candle to God.
　　殆殆慨性中888: Brother immigration?
　　
　　968, eight two -: Who is Ge Yimian?
　　From where it came out, this flower name is good! Sleeping, male god, or goddess, grotesque! Does Gegen get into a fairy? The younger brother has a meeting.
　　You god, too god! Who is Ge Yimian? I just want to know if it will fly or not!
　　Believe that you teach, your teacher will not give a wife, don¨t give money!
　　
　　969, Soviet-Ministry of Internal Affairs: All Nazi, gymist stickers are water stickers
　　〃〃杏杏喘薩_5Ve8JWA: What is the ＾wordofgod￣, where can I get ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"Gehua: Search for the gods network.
　　"Three national interpretations: Ha, cattle.
　　〃〃Soviet-Ministry of Internal Affairs: Parents do not listen to you listening to her, not filial son.
　　喩戦謹櫛鯉測児: SB stuff The cult is going to die and it should be pressed by the tank.
　　Garbage gadgets Publicly publicize these mentally retarded cults You should be crushed by five pairs of weights.
　　
　　970, idhnqf: Ge Yimin's hand
　　Your vision is ambitious and creative. Vigor and vitality is also a sign of luck and success. I have a good luck in my life. When I am a teenager, I am likely to fail because of stubbornness. The so-called "do not listen to the old man's words, and suffer losses in front of me"; in middle age, I must be in the clear heart, everything should be prevented from happening; in old age, I can do whatever I want without exceeding the moment.
　　〃 淮 淮: Old age is whatever you want because of being a god.
　　
　　971, the world Fangfei k: 2019 communist society? Who said that?
　　3019 is impossible! Then the fake things, the party members themselves do not believe in communism ★ _ ★.
　　〃〃jianggh99999: Ge Yimin¨s book is about the end, I don¨t know if it¨s the last day¨s robbery? Will the gods destroy the earth?
　　"Little wooden fish stone: The big god said quite right." The time is 2019?
　　Will God come down?
　　〃〃乞雑: Ge Yizhen God.
　　暮暮: The cult group.
　　972, I do not know who is going to be, Hong Kong Four Seasons Publishing House publicly created Ge Yimin "Nervous" is imposter
　　It has a notice on the homepage of the website, and it has been red, for many days. Http://www.hksji.com/
　　Notice: Recently, there have been many illegal criminals who have impersonated our publishing house to publish some illegal books. Please pay attention. For example, after we investigated and dealt with the author of "＾wordofgod￣" Ge Yimin, and the publicity in the network, we have taken the judicial approach.
　　My book "＾wordofgod￣", at its website address http://www.hksji.com/img/img_cn_124.html, now 404, it was deleted, can be technically verified. I have already taken a screenshot, see http://www.gegod.com/xw.html
　　I have a Hong Kong government registration (picture), a certificate of publication (picture), a contract writer's certificate (picture), see http://www.gegod.com/xw.html
　　At the time of publication, I exchanged 2 QQ chat records and wanted to deceive me to send back 2 copies of the original QQ chat record of the Hong Kong Government, all of which are .mht. The document is on the home page of the gods. See http://www.gegod.com/
　　
　　973, can Ge Yimin apply for political asylum?
　　@realDonaldTrump
　　China Anti-Cult Network Home: The ridiculous liar - Ge Yimin
　　20190127
　　http://www.gegod.com/dxrj/fxj.jpg
　　
　　974, NTDTV rumors, Ge Yimin, issued a statement
　　video:
　　https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iQ_4_DK9-s
　　
　　975, 躓躓楳嚏: the world saints pretending to be purple sages
　　Many have already been published in the world and have been retribution. What is Geshen cirrhosis or something.
　　If you don't want to pay anything, you can count on it and find a saint. Can you find a saint by your virtue? Can it be recognized by the world?
　　〃 ok wind and rain light: Ge God liver is broken? Didn't hear it?
　　〃〃躓躓楳嚏: Liver cirrhosis, he said, the situation is very serious. His face was yellow and his eyes were not good.
　　〃 ok weather light: Are you familiar with him? This all knows!
　　〃〃躓躓楳嚏: I am not familiar with him, but some people are familiar with him, I saw the photo. It is really terrible.
　　苛今備備噬: Oh, the newspaper should come, I congratulate her.
　　〃〃xwfxwf403: Only the liver, there should be a problem with the lungs.
　　"Qing Qingyu: Anyway, he is now abolished, and others are afraid that he will not come forward."
　　〃〃躓躓楳嚏: He said that someone is controlling him, saying what power is, threatening his family or something. Said a lot.
　　〃 ok weather light: Is he not fake? Control what he does!
　　〃〃躓躓楳嚏: What he means is that the power has controlled a lot of fake purples like him to swindle money. They are all used pieces. There are quite a few fake purples like him. There are also several forces. They are all cheating. I heard that there are websites and churches. Made quite big.
　　"Destiny control: He does not call the holy, still will have an accident, older, the body is not normal?
　　〃〃躓躓楳嚏: Then try it. He is not too big, about forty? And he still has a bit of a way.
　　"Ge Yimin: I don't have liver disease. It is the second-generation hype and Gehei." The photo is a lighting problem.
　　My new vibrato geyimin is healthy.
　　
　　976, small wooden fish stone: Wang Ge God held the global party congress as soon as possible
　　"Dorgoruji: Garbage stuff All the rumors that are said all day are not cultists.
　　"" "You: goole search The second item of the vulgar is the entry, the possibility of the gods starting to exist slightly?
　　〃Z Underground Transportation: Lumian Yuan Yimin.
　　〃〃弌匐純純: Ge Shen, what is the relationship between Dragon Girl Bodhisattva and you? Do you speak for her?
　　"II: Satan refers to the rebellion against the system, but it is within the system itself, there is no transcendence system, Lucifer is the representative of this image, he is against the system of God, but Satan is just a little mature devil, Not the old devil, the old devil has in-depth research on the system, the old devil will not do anything, because it is superfluous.
　　From this point of view, Ge God is the old devil.
　　
　　977, the origin of the edge 133: Holy 壞 I dage
　　"Stalin: Ge is just a greasy and ignorant, unscrupulous middle-aged, who believes who **
　　"Dolgoruki: SB stuff, can you survive in the post bar? It¨s irritating. Do you preach it all day? Is the whole family being swayed? Now in the 21st century, a group of stupid dogs have the ability to self-immolate. Here, the cholera people posted the administrators are also Sima. The reactionaries can exist. It seems that it is better to study and learn Marxism-Leninism. You should be sent to Gulag to force death and contribute to socialism. Your existence is the most unreasonable thing in the world. The reactionary *** The water army *** Fascist e ** *
　　You can send out every day in the future, you have to get rid of your reactionaries, ghosts and gods.
　　
　　978, black titration: Ge Shen local local king this year
　　〃〃MicroDeepBlue: There are also missionaries in the bar.
　　暮暮: What kind of stupid Ge Ge name is, carving, I am here to marry him, he can jump up and hit me.
　　〃〃12344: Is the human heart a book that can save lives?
　　"Fate control: Ziwei saint.
　　
　　979, Ziwei Sage Pharaoh: Say good and singer in 2019 when he was 50 years old
　　Sign the gap agreement together.
　　"Life stupid apprentice: How good it is to stop for a while, it is really a brush, three ＾wordofgod￣s, no limit."
　　〃〃Country of the Earl of the Thorn: Gulag is ready for your ward and bed.
　　"The servant of Jesus: Satan, who surnamed Ge, I will see it once.
　　It is really unbearable, I don't know why, the sand coin that claims to be God, surnamed Ge, has some small Satan to confuse people all day, just like flies.
　　They like to confuse people, I like to yell at them. From today on, I will see the post of surname Ge once.
　　Jesus Christ descended on the sacred and humble self-proclaimed Son of Man, and the garbage surnamed Ge also dared to call himself God. Satan, the god of this blasphemy, can only see once.
　　
　　980, solved: Ge God, if one can change the belief of all people
　　That person is not a person. Who can do it.
　　"Gehua: God.
　　""" solved: God, still suffering, directly destroyed only, and still forced.
　　"Gehua: See Jesus.
　　""" solved: Why did Jesus not unite the world, let people believe in him and build a temple for him! Going to his uncle, I have no money to spend, give him!
　　"Gehua:: One third of the world believes in him.
　　〃〃Solution: It is really for him to be able to live a good letter, haha ??funny, women are almost all, are free.
　　Some people like shortcuts, poor people.
　　"Gehua: The gods are for salvation.
　　
　　981, playing in a funny dog: Ge God was born on the coldest day of the year
　　The extremes of the matter will be reversed.
　　"Yi Niu: I am thinking that your teacher is a lazy, waiting for death, in this saint?
　　"The future belongs to the Science Society: It was invaded by Ge God...
　　"Yi Niu:? Does Marx shake hands with Christ?
　　""Stalin: cult prostitute?
　　"Climbing Yuyu Drinking Agar -: This is what it is. . . . Inexplicable.
　　"The wilderness is quiet: Comrades, I want to apply for this bar, clean some gods, do not know what opinions do you have? This bar needs to work, we have to recapture this position.
　　Daily greetings, defeating cult forces!
　　Defeat the gods of God! Spoil its dog's head!
　　Pope, how many divisions does he have?
　　
　　982, Realism and Symbol: Please don't brush the stalk
　　After all, is there still no separation from material existence? Rubbish.
　　"The wilderness is quiet: For those religious posts, comrades should not reply any more, or they will come to the homepage again. My approach is to see that they send one and I will send two, and wait until the application is on the day. Go back and clean up.
　　I just replied a few words and found that it was wrong. The homepage is all their posts.
　　Killing Ge Yizhen is always happy and happy.
　　〃〃3唖隠as: 澑乞芫芫 has eternal life.
　　
　　983, Ming Lingfeng: Ge God cult organization, should it be reported
　　It is said that this leader must be a casual believer.
　　"Lamb hsz: Who is Ge Yizhen?" Have not heard! There is no time to waste to understand him! Estimated to be an ignorant and arrogant 250...
　　"" Ge Yimin: ZF has been appointed! It was up to Ge Yimin to be a saint and Jesus.
　　〃弌弌直噬墳: Ge Di An! ! ! !
　　984, Panyu Yu drinking agar pulp -: Ge Shen, what is this? Voice of the Marx
　　This is a discussion of Marxist-Leninist philosophy, learning the sacred place of study of gczy thoughts. You spread the so-called religion, please talk about it in the religion-related bar.
　　Believe in Marxism, master the liberation of thought.
　　Are they gods, and are Marxism communism? Is the world the material word and the atheism that you eat?
　　Go to hell, or that sentence, the world is material, there is no god, get out of here, spicy chicken idealist.
　　"Children Left: Communism is indeed first proposed by Christianity, but first it does not mean that it is correct. Marx has long pointed out that communism with idealism can only be utopian.
　　"" Red China Ball: Against pseudoscience!
　　
　　985, Guo Hongmei: Is Marx correct?
　　"" Left child: Is it wrong? You have no number in your heart?
　　"Guo Hongmei: Geyema GYM, the old horse is the third brother.
　　"" Red China Ball: The political wind of this bar must adhere to Marxism-Leninism!
　　The revisionists will never be allowed to take their positions!
　　Can't even allow cults!
　　〃Because a is: Ge, who is it? official? Does he have this ability?
　　"Civilized person 15: Has applied for the fourth time, although the hopes are very embarrassing, plan what Gehua advertising all pass black and add ten, give everyone a good discussion environment, I hope everyone can support!
　　Dol Goruki: Ge Yizhen is SB.
　　"" corn Xiaofu: Long live the Gegun!
　　"I took him up in one hand."
　　"Wuhe Shidao: What a ghost."
　　"" Soviet Lieutenant: robot only.
　　Chen Pingfei is a Christian: There is another false god.
　　
　　986, the killer queen Peng Yuan: Ge Shen he, God.
　　〃Northern Federal President. : A cult without brain control. The grass is unbearable.
　　"MarsD: Who is going to quit the party, it is too grassy."
　　"The sky is flying red flag: no one will drag this group of fools into the five seven cadre school to learn."
　　I only believe in Maresmao and others. Others, I don't believe it.
　　〃〃乞雑: Marne's Maug. Mainly to Ge.
　　"Singing turbulent youth: Please don't bother to do these meaningless things."
　　
　　987, Ubisoft East Germany: Where is Ge Banxian's stuff?
　　Who gives science popular science? These people are all robots? I will know Ge Ping if I surname Ge.
　　"" Joseph 0 Stalin: Wake up, human beings know forever in 2045.
　　"Gehua: 15, from 2019 to 2033, human beings are getting more and more happy, gradually entering the world.
　　On October 1, 2019, Ge Yimin became a god.
　　World Concord, November 26, 2033. (Photos 29)
　　〃〃 Han Family Prosperity: All myths are illusory, and human beings create their own.
　　
　　988, Bienzoroviejo: Ge Xue board
　　"The rulinger Ou Ren: Ge Yimin is not enough to hang a bad wiki?
　　〃〃cxw881105: Who, no, no, no, oh, self-proclaimed holy, not afraid of death 1! ! !
　　The sage will not say that he is a saint himself, who believes that silly goods are stupid. Hey! Unrest.
　　〃 Post bar user _5RatJ1V: Grab the prison.
　　
　　989, small wooden fish stone: Ge God happy new year! ! !
　　"JR William: Ge God, is the king on the ground good?"
　　"" You ポ@: Ou Ni Ni Ge Langtai.
　　772570213 Plus: Contemporary Christian content.
　　〃〃Joseph 0 Stalin: Is this predicting that it is a big limit? In the second half of this year, the gym has successfully risen to the sky, and the style is blooming. I hope everyone can support it.
　　"Gehua: GYM, M is the third brother of Marx, Ge Shen.
　　"" left child: What can you do?
　　"Gehua: You believe in the third child, even the boss also believes.
　　
　　990, child left: Geyema, he Ge thinks that the horse is three
　　But in the eyes of the horse, he can't even name it.
　　I asked the oldest, even the boss, what logic is it? Do you argue?
　　"Gehua: ＾wordofgod￣ 23:139: Marx: I only admitted that I was a student of Ge Yizhen in my life.
　　〃1255537339mxj: God sticks to climb.
　　"" Chen Pingfei is a Christian: Do you still believe that Ge God stick? That is a fake, you will go to hell with it.
　　"The messenger opened up: People are brushing robots, you still reply.
　　
　　991, EugeneHerbert: Ge Xmin is a famous network god stick
　　The death of the vulgar wiki ~ female horse ~ waste ~ 漠 Welcome to the geek wiki "Ge Yimin" entry for more information ~
　　You must believe in him.
　　Be hooked up on the vulgar wiki and dare to play the net? Go and see if your Ge family is well.
　　〃〃包表川縊劭: This is a lot of mental illness, Ge ＾wordofgod￣s flooding, need to clean up.
　　"The sky is touching the iron bull: Ge Shentong is really **, not running, still."
　　
　　992, this is me: Ge God, God is so powerful
　　"" Flame Lotus: Is there really a believer or a number of people or more people who are busy, or their gang fraud?
　　"Lazy look at the situation: Is there a great ambition?" Is there a wilderness emperor? Is there a master god?
　　〃Bienzoroviejo: Gehei is also Gehua, don't go back and step on it.
　　"Bing Xueling: Still the same sentence, chaos, Ge forces do not enter.
　　
　　993, guess who I am: Ge Shen, so the mission is completed
　　He is not a saint, just a spoiler.
　　"Eleven lucn: I wish you a happy new year... The new year will drive out Ge¨s things.
　　〃〃甥僣早: I have decided to delete their posts after the Lord. It is really disgusting to me.
　　"Mongolian gold family: the person who believes in the Lord, do you think that the thing of Ge Erji feels dizzy and disgusting?"
　　〃〃叫噴訳15供朕: Cooking does not care.
　　
　　994, no trace of snow 71: Ge God, do not need the government to come forward
　　Ordinary one of the dragons will immediately point you to the scam: 1. The religious believers will be unified under the scientific corroboration, the family is partial and partial; 2. The ideological innovation is really needed, the Bible, Confucius, communist philosophy More professional than him; 3. Did not solve any human problems and promote the progress of civilization! 4. The rabble of acting against the sky is not the opponent of the regular army. Is that financial support? ! Hermit King has five dragons to control water! Still not the second largest economy of the world king! Going back to the hospital to check the treatment is more practical! Hahaha.
　　
　　995, post users _7VWKQEV: Ziwei saints and Chairman Deng
　　I have blown over the cows and sprinkled Sprite together. You said that the central government did not know.
　　"Soviet - Ministry of Internal Affairs: I will redeem him.
　　Believe that Marxist Lenin has eternal life.
　　You don't believe that Marx and Lenin are not willing to die our Soviets.
　　"Rainbow Street r5bid: If there is a Lord, these things do not need to go to the believers, the main rule he can not cure, mainly do not want to cure him, you have to rule him, you are not Lifas.
　　"Gehua: Ge God is the Lord.
　　"" boasting the hegemon: Do you dare to say where you live this bird?
　　"Gehua: Zhenjiang.
　　
　　996, Bing Xueling: Distressed the landlord A bunch of people back to you posted
　　_ Post Bar User _Q8bWJGK: What is a mess in the small writing, the Bible words are wrong, listen to what you mean, do you think you are high?
　　〃〃乞雑: It is the ＾wordofgod￣, the god classic.
　　"There is no trace of snow: 71: They are too poor! Just tell you the truth! The power of positive energy ideas! believe in yourself! Fear is negative energy! Cults are also negative energy! How can it be climate? In the scientific age, don't be superstitious!
　　〃〃乞雑: 20191001 Ge Yizhen Wang.
　　〃Tour snow no trace 71: Hahaha Self-entertainment! But let me tell you the truth! He is not even a member of the ordinary robbery, the end: the labor reform team, suspected of traitors! Don't reply again!
　　
　　997, Grandpa Grandpa: Virgin with Purple Saint
　　The first match first, @kamuixixi, of course, with the gods!
　　The god of Gee came to open her, great grace.
　　"There is no trace of snow. 71: I predict that the heavens will be destroyed.
　　〃〃 Grandparents: Grand Savior ranking, the first Ge God.
　　Hu Jianjun: Ge Shen Zhida!
　　"The sky is touching the iron bull: It is the most cattle B of Ge."
　　
　　998, guess who I am: Ge God, deserve it, die
　　Hahahahaha! False is fake. I also made my own speech in every bar. Deserve it.
　　"Grosixinoy: Don't apply, there is a master, it is Ge duo, but the reputation is stinky, I am afraid that no one will come to the water, and a member will hide himself.
　　"What a ghost thing: I feel so pitiful."
　　〃Take the snow without a trace 71: So easy to get a clown directly to play it! Why do you want to toss and die in 6800 years? ! Hahaha.
　　
　　999, no trace of snow 71: Neuropsy book 29
　　This dream is a dream! I have a foreseeable future talent!
　　"Beautiful stick: move the ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　〃〃Treading the snow without a trace 71: Hahaha God? He does not know what it is called God! Hahaha.
　　"Beautiful stick: Ge is God.
　　"" Snow no trace 71: This rough statement, you actually believe? Plagiarism will not be illiterate! Are world-class scientists stupid? ! Will unite all mankind? ! True books are all human beings, not a social form!
　　Chairman Hahaha Mao mentions class theory. What time and space is that? ! proletariat? ! Not evolving? ! The illiterate people who do not understand the well-off society dare to open the teeth to represent the Chinese civilization and the universe. ! Hahaha, don¨t be a shame! One of my ordinary dragons, I feel ashamed of him hahaha.
　　
　　1000, also Ming: Ge is not yet a god?
　　One day to night, Ge Shen Ge is ashamed and not ashamed?
　　What you said is not worthy of your support. Eddie and the avatar are the public and the virgin. The true saint is like Dorothy.
　　"Gehua: Gehua only recognizes the goddess of the gods.
　　〃〃000 tempering power generation: I just tried to report, and found that the report was invalid.
　　
　　
　　
　　(three), volume three
　　
　　
　　1. Johntherapist13: Nanda Nietzsche: @geyimin
　　"Ge Yimin: The ＾wordofgod￣ also inherits Nietzsche's thought.
　　"Sister-controlled Sager: You have to apply for political asylum to find a human rights lawyer. Wang Quanzhen has been arranged two days ago. Besides Wang Quanqi, I also know that Teng Biao is a personal right lawyer. Others don't know. You @寒噸 is useless, he does not bird you.
　　"Ge Yimin: I think I am at the same level as Trump.
　　
　　2, also Ming: Ge God, service.
　　"There is no trace of snow: 71: I am his ancestor! Oh! But younger than him! Explain why with quantum entanglement? ! will not? ! Then it¨s less shameful! Not even an ordinary person.
　　〃〃丶丶這腎塰: Jumping the beam clown only, why bother him! !
　　〃xuyann0010: I heard that it is a god stick.
　　They are all jokes.
　　
　　3, Miss Yu Ling: Long live Ge, Wen Cheng Wude
　　A thousand years of success, unified rivers and lakes.
　　Listen to that garbage, listen to Ge God is right.
　　Agent No. 47: Is this thing not a sect?
　　"" 塰 塰 瓠瓣: I know that Datong World is a good thing, who will say, but where is the specific implementation plan, is it useful to have a big tail wolf?
　　"Ye Xue: Xin Ge Shen read ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　4, inch burning Z: Ge Mao? If Ge really has the ability
　　Just go and dispose of the animal.
　　"Watching Pioneer Iron Powder: Really, you guys, you waste money, don't do things, no wonder Xiaoge can't do anything!" Do you promote him and get some places where the faith is missing? When you ran here, there are places of faith to promote him. Isn¨t it smearing Xiaoge?
　　You are here to promote, it is really a waste of labor. He is a beggar, and there are no opportunities for you to be lazy.
　　Cathrine: Don't come here to promote the scum.
　　Freetelescope: The root cause of human suffering is accurate, but the specific method is wrong, can't rely on what to teach, not what God, understand?
　　
　　5, Gehua: Everything belongs to the ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"Strategy: The ＾wordofgod￣ does not mean God's will, does not deny that the ＾wordofgod￣ has a way to guide humans into the spiritual world, but I am sure that the ＾wordofgod￣ does not have a specific human management model.
　　＾wordofgod￣s may also commit dogmatism mistakes, and the law of human existence cannot follow the laws of the universe.
　　"" Shao Leichao: People with culture in this era are full of these backward things can still play?
　　"Watching Pioneer Iron Powder: So, these people are a waste of money." And work hard not very hard.
　　"" Shao Leichao: They also have to survive. The piece rate will be fine.
　　Still glass stone: Ge Shengren?
　　
　　6, Shao Leichao: Ge Shen, useless. Do not believe in practice.
　　I have said to Ge Yizhen that he has been going to play science. I don't want to hear this result is self-seeking. A person with the ability to have knowledge can be seen at a glance.
　　"Yao Tianyi: Successfully troubled the blacklist of surname Ge, and it¨s really annoying for years.
　　"" is playing in a funny dog: Ge, the evil of no self-knowledge, pretending to be God.
　　〃xuyann0010: You are not just ＾wordofgod￣s but also a god stick.
　　7. Ge Yimin's Bad Wiki page updated
　　20190210
　　Gospel
　　Shenxian Zunhao: Ge Yimin
　　Christmas: January 31, 1969
　　Immortal QQ: 50914333
　　Neural communication group: 75081524
　　Shenxian Hotline: 13952819473
　　Fairy Mailbox: sejeme@163.com
　　Gospel WeChat public platform:乞呀酎呟療村
　　Face to face with the gods here
　　Vibrato: geyimin
　　Microvision: geyimin
　　YY live room: 1352981545
　　Fighting fish room number: 6417646
　　Gospel Daquan: http://www.gegod.com/lj.htmll
　　Address of the altar: Room 203, Building 26, Hejiatun, Jingkou District, Zhenjiang City, Jiangsu Province
　　God must code:321102196901261218
　　Gongde box
　　ICBC
　　Card number: 6212 2611 0400 1895 704
　　Cardholder Name: Ge Yimin
　　Bank: Jiangsu Zhenjiang South Street Branch
　　China Postal Savings Bank
　　Card number: 6221 8831 4000 1998 345
　　Cardholder Name: Ge Yimin
　　Bank: Mengxi Road Branch, Zhenjiang City, Jiangsu Province
　　WeChat payment: 13952819473
　　Alipay: 13952819473
　　I¨m on TV.
　　On January 22, 2019, an elegant person published a three-return statement on the website of the Lunli website in the name of "Christian believer" Ge Yimin. The statement said that Ge Yimin had not paid party fees for more than 30 years and "hoped that God would forgive me." Due to the elegance of the writing and the profound and profound connotation, the statement was selected as the ＾Retirement Party Selection￣ of the ＾New Tang Dynasty TV Station￣. Considering that Yang Fan had a similar wonderful experience a few days ago, these two things really fulfilled the promise of Gong Shifeng, "You have me, you are on TV."
　　
　　8, Skyline 975: Gehua, you put these out
　　It is nothing more than confessing his authenticity. Still wake up! The development of society is not something he can predict. Do not transfer with personal will.
　　"The son of the election: It¨s been a few months... there¨s no new owner, how do you do it...............
　　Oh~ I am a god.
　　Ge Auntie actually has this ability - to drive out the aborigines...
　　"" Mr. Old Cat: He is God, we have to listen to him.
　　
　　9. A Lang on time and space: Gehua can really toss
　　難 難 椙 椙 椙 : : : : : : : 乞 乞 乞 乞 乞 乞 乞 乞 乞 乞 乞 乞 乞
　　"" apk90: I Buddha, I am thinking about the gym is also a high school student of Nanjing University, the magic of the disease.
　　〃備略直直: Hello, bad!
　　"" blood rhyme snow: gym this plant resurrection?
　　Dong Qingyi: The false Christ prophesied by the Bible in turn confirms the accuracy of the Bible.
　　"" wise to move 30: the book of love.
　　
　　10, the mystery poet: If all the friends unite joint alarm
　　Will Ge still be so embarrassed?
　　Satan is now flooded by the so-called Ge XX, and what I see is a bunch of ** and stupid middle-aged patients echoing. I collect the evidence of these ge, and submit it to the anti-cult institutions. I will let These people understand that the Internet is not a place of extra-legacy. Stupidity is a sin.
　　Bell is Bell: Nothing is going on in the 1st of October. God is sorry for you.
　　I said that God is the Lord, not you Ge.
　　Don't say anything about religious freedom. This is a cult.
　　A lot of unrelated things have been harmed by this brainwashing organization. Even if there is religious freedom, is there a limit?
　　"" mingricai2007: The problem is not a normal religion at all. The group of people turned over and over again. Dry and dry, Ma Ma Lai Lai, still not willing to sleek out, so a group of old-fashioned goods, how can it be regarded as religion?
　　Jian'an Fenggu 28: No way, the state now advocates religious freedom.
　　Baidu Post Bar is too big! It will inevitably be some....... Hey! Do not say it.
　　〃〃11lucn: Going to the website to report it, can he still be so embarrassed?
　　11, "＾wordofgod￣" is really good
　　2019-02-21 19:45:13 Xiu Tingting
　　Hello, Ge God
　　2019-02-21 20:01:03 Ge Yimin
　　Hello there
　　2019-02-21 20:01:53 Xiu Tingting
　　Are you yourself?
　　2019-02-21 20:02:01 Xiu Tingting
　　unbelievable
　　2019-02-21 20:02:18 Ge Yimin
　　Yes
　　2019-02-21 20:02:32 Ge Yimin
　　Large work
　　2019-02-21 20:02:46 Xiu Tingting
　　Many people on the Internet are jealous of you [
　　2019-02-21 20:03:49 Ge Yimin
　　This is popular
　　2019-02-21 20:03:58 Xiu Tingting
　　"＾wordofgod￣" is really good
　　2019-02-21 20:04:11 Ge Yimin
　　Thank you
　　2019-02-21 20:04:45 Xiu Tingting
　　No one really understands him
　　2019-02-21 20:05:01 Ge Yimin
　　I send you the latest
　　2019-02-21 20:05:03 Xiu Tingting
　　Said that you are a light pole commander
　　2019-02-21 20:05:16 Xiu Tingting
　　2019-02-21 20:06:13 Ge Yimin
　　Have a hardcore II
　　2019-02-21 20:07:07 Xiu Tingting
　　I mean!
　　2019-02-21 20:09:21 Xiu Tingting
　　I know that there are a lot of flowers.
　　2019-02-21 20:09:44 Ge Yimin
　　Your woman, 24, go to work?
　　2019-02-21 20:12:15 Xiu Tingting
　　Uh huh
　　2019-02-21 20:12:34 Ge Yimin
　　Golden Age
　　2019-02-21 20:12:42 Ge Yimin
　　Where do you know about me?
　　2019-02-21 20:12:47 Xiu Tingting
　　Online
　　2019-02-21 20:12:54 Xiu Tingting
　　Post it
　　2019-02-21 20:13:09 Ge Yimin
　　Understand, which one?
　　2019-02-21 20:15:45 Xiu Tingting
　　Is a jealous of you
　　2019-02-21 20:15:47 Xiu Tingting
　　Post it
　　2019-02-21 20:15:51 Xiu Tingting
　　a lot of stickers
　　2019-02-21 20:15:54 Ge Yimin
　　Yep
　　2019-02-21 20:16:00 Xiu Tingting
　　One about the Bible
　　2019-02-21 20:16:04 Ge Yimin
　　I mainly post it.
　　2019-02-21 20:16:08 Xiu Tingting
　　Someone mentioned your "＾wordofgod￣"
　　2019-02-21 20:16:14 Xiu Tingting
　　Which one are you at?
　　2019-02-21 20:16:24 Xiu Tingting
　　Is it "＾wordofgod￣"?
　　2019-02-21 20:16:36 Ge Yimin
　　I change often
　　2019-02-21 20:17:42 Xiu Tingting
　　Didn't you create one yourself?
　　2019-02-21 20:17:50 Ge Yimin
　　I am a saint of Ziwei, Christianity, communism, and a network of philosophies, 8 each, plus a few
　　2019-02-21 20:18:04 Ge Yimin
　　I used to create more, it was sealed.
　　2019-02-21 20:18:08 Xiu Tingting
　　Ok
　　2019-02-21 20:18:12 Ge Yimin
　　The world saint, now
　　2019-02-21 20:18:18 Xiu Tingting
　　Oh, they don¨t understand
　　2019-02-21 20:18:23 Ge Yimin
　　Or do I do the master's information
　　2019-02-21 20:19:09 Xiu Tingting
　　How many flowers are there now?
　　2019-02-21 20:19:31 Ge Yimin
　　I can't figure it out, the netizen said 100,000.
　　2019-02-21 20:19:32 Xiu Tingting
　　Have you seen which of them?
　　2019-02-21 20:19:48 Xiu Tingting
　　The content inside is also very good.
　　2019-02-21 20:19:58 Ge Yimin
　　You are a friend.
　　2019-02-21 20:20:31 Xiu Tingting
　　thank
　　2019-02-21 20:21:42 Xiu Tingting
　　I can ask how you wrote "Nervous" and it feels so good.
　　2019-02-21 20:22:23 Ge Yimin
　　In 2004, the article merged into the Yemei Sutra
　　2019-02-21 20:22:31 Ge Yimin
　　Slowly updated
　　2019-02-21 20:23:33 Ge Yimin
　　Add you into the group
　　2019-02-21 20:24:45 Xiu Tingting
　　Thank you
　　Honored to be a Gehua
　　Ge Yimin (282117420) 2019/2/21 20:29:11
　　Ge Hua 10[俐翆翆,溺, born in 1994, Shandong]
　　12. What kind of ghost thing: Ge Yimin, this person is possessed.
　　Estimated to be the god of heaven.
　　"Gehua: Daocheng is in the flesh.
　　〃〃甥僣早: This is a little turn down and it is Ge Yimin.
　　I¨m tired of watching it. I hate this religion. The leader is flying up.
　　"Tai Lai small water droplets: have their own beliefs.
　　〃〃 Special effects material library: religious freedom policy.
　　"Rowedel: Everyone has their own belief." This is understandable.
　　〃〃秀芦欠糠28: The state stipulates a policy of freedom of religious belief.
　　"Admiral Pan Fengshi is unparalleled: how good it is to write a novel at the beginning, and a high-profile person to be a konjac."
　　咫咫嬬弗:乞隔,,,
　　〃〃甥僣早: I searched that Ge. I found that everyone is saying everything is the same as the robot. Visually advertise the cult (search for Ziwei sage Ge xx can see).
　　〃11 lucn: Can this be called religion?
　　〃〃 mingricai2007: Religious freedom. . . Can that thing be called religion? ?
　　〃 惻 惻 Yu: Religious feelings are particularly outrageous, and I don¨t know why.
　　"A wave in time and space: I am looking forward to him talking and biting his tongue.
　　
　　13, Phoenix Infantry: Ge God, advise you kindly
　　"Hine Devouring King: Is this Ge is God? What God, you believe this, you have no medicine to save.
　　The public security network believes that it is God. He is God. What am I? If you don't need it, give me freedom. You love who you are looking for.
　　"" Yu Lie Di: This is the world of Ge ＾wordofgod￣.
　　"Pentium's creek: What is it?"
　　"" Pheasant strawberry porridge: Ge God live, this ... a little power is not ah.
　　"Flower God Remnant Moon: Ge ym is God, you have to listen to him.
　　
　　14, Konjac ok: The main ＾wordofgod￣s scare a person!
　　Buddha did not dare to name it with God!
　　""feece0: Ge God you must be a main Shenzhou! What is the slogan of Ge Shen?
　　〃署噬喃嗄從清翌: Hello God stick
　　〃〃NAZI Red Army: Ge Yiming, God, isn¨t the petty bourgeoisie and the middle peasant more revolutionary?
　　Guo Hongmei: Now that the big one is unified, don¨t revolutionize.
　　Saying that this Wang Zong (Hong Wen) standard photo, P has Ge God?
　　〃〃Slow release film 7: Ge Yimin is a shameless god stick.
　　No need to explain.
　　
　　15, poor doll: Ge God, don't mess up
　　The people themselves are already complicated enough.
　　Just look at the words you use and you know that you are not!
　　Feudal bourgeoisists are revealed in every word.
　　Wake up your child.
　　"Jiang Qi Group: You can pull it down, God is going to worship, are you?"
　　
　　16, PlusWar: Ge God, cult
　　"Kalamazov Cloud: Where are the fans of the old guys? I also need fans and investors.
　　I turned out to be an old man.
　　〃〃Meihe: 50, right year.
　　〃2020-X: Silly X, Nie thought where is Nepal! Heaven! A big mouth cannon.
　　The mental hospital drops the soul, and the disease is not light.
　　It¨s not far from drinking tea from the director. Stupid X stuff is definitely a victim of wind-controlled speech.
　　"Gui Hua: Ge God must unify the world, and you still think about the domestic revolution.
　　"The more Wang Yu Goujian: In fact, those water army are all hanged with skin to grab the position, the purpose is to divert to attract new people's attention to the Marxist-Leninist,
　　
　　What do you think is really messy? Just ignore them.
　　〃〃yes: Ge God?
　　
　　17, Sonic people: ＾wordofgod￣ Dafa is good
　　"Philippine sage is not holy: Is it true that the sound of the Marxism is not the Lord?
　　Let the witch god stick,
　　It has fallen into the place of hiding dirt.
　　"" is what 2008: true God, Ge is also a people.
　　"All Chi Technology: I watched a video of a god of songs. Even Mandarin can't say how many people want to preach.
　　"" Love my family to buy stocks: Jiangsu people speak Mandarin is like that!
　　〃畠崗親室: I found that the song gods smacked themselves for their popularity, and then squatted back, that is to say, they used their own trumpet to swear each other.
　　
　　18, Cong Yun changed two: What is Ge YM?
　　Believe in what he does, not good!
　　Ge Wei is still not dissolved?
　　But also affect others,
　　Think about other people's feelings?
　　There is also a flower,
　　What kind of confidant is Ge?
　　Everyone affected by Ge,
　　Get out of him soon.
　　He is not good, affecting others,
　　It is deeply immersed in it.
　　You see this evidence is here,
　　He influenced your thoughts.
　　Let you change your hatred,
　　I want to attack others.
　　It¨s not too late to wake up!
　　Analysis of Ge:
　　It may be a person, but there is a possibility that it is a group. Otherwise, he brainwashed these people and did not know what means he used, but he was a despicable act.
　　No matter what benefits he promises you, please remember that it is not true! Don't be on him! Think calmly!
　　The brainwashed person will stop, don't hurt others, return to normal!
　　Said to the poor people who were brainwashed:
　　If you encounter difficulties in your life, please pin your hopes on Ge, please do not do this. You can tell the difficulties and communicate with others, you can solve them! Welcome to tell your own difficulties, solve the happy knot, you will not believe again! You have to believe in yourself! Can overcome difficulties!
　　I don't know if watching anime or novels helps you, and let them relax. Recommend a different world life from scratch! Rim!
　　Hope to purify the soul!
　　I am writing these words and hope to avoid war. I believe that Ge¨s people can wake up! Return to your own good life. Used in a peaceful solution! Better than war!
　　Hope can have a role.
　　
　　19, 772570213 plus: Ge God, contemporary Christian content.
　　"Ubisoft East Germany: The sand-grass cannon robot is a point every day."
　　〃〃Bienzoroviejo: Pressing the Ge Ma batch.
　　This is not the place where the sticks are attached.
　　"Bing Xueling: Delete Ge's, or look at the eyes...
　　""fywlawyer: If you want to participate in management, please take a look at the rules, not who you delete, whoever deletes.
　　Juliet 591: Ge is obviously a cult? I used to be a small one here, and I went back to the process application.
　　〃〃甥僣早: I searched that Ge. I found that everyone is saying everything is the same as the robot. Visually advertise the cult (search Ziwei sage Ge xx can see)
　　They are recorded in the ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"Your father, I: report them directly to the National Bureau of Religious Affairs!"
　　"" Cong Yun changed two: Ge YM's men under the flowers! These people ignore the law, trample on human rights, insult China (my great motherland), and today suppress the persecution of patriotic rational youth, and slandify me as the water army! What is the rule of law (laws and regulations)? Is this nobody in charge? !
　　
　　20, Shenhua Emperor: @乞呀暖 Know that the Lord of the Lord called the Holy Spirit is also forced to helpless
　　Involuntarily. It is not a sacred person who wants to be a sage.
　　Good words, three winters and warmths: "You can play soy sauce with soy sauce, you can steal lazy, take care of your body!"
　　You are working too hard!
　　Don't worry, take your time.
　　"Mei Hei: Old comrades, when I am not waiting."
　　"" Shenhua Emperor: When I am not waiting? Nothing happened, the world is too peaceful.
　　"Meihei: Gehua goal: communist society.
　　"" Shenhua Emperor: There are really practice, passed on for so many years, it is also necessary to educate hundreds of millions.
　　Let's look at the problem from the results.
　　Mei Hei: There was not much powder when Jesus died.
　　"Shenhua Emperor: Do you think that everyone can't see that Teacher Ge's motives are not pure, so good?
　　With the communist nephew, there is no mixed feelings, and the eyes of the friends are bright.
　　"Mei Hei: 俵 俵 ?? Ge Shen network open, ID card photos are open.
　　"" Shenhua Emperor: Self-centered biography!
　　The real name is public.
　　Take a break, raise your body, start with the bestselling author.
　　"Mei Hei: The meaning of the big head stickers? Real name Christ? Did not understand, Ge God is Christ.
　　Ge God is a savior and brings a communist society.
　　
　　21, you are very good at fighting: here, what Ge also knows the rules.
　　"Flame Shenglian: This kind of stick sand sculpture is really a believer?
　　〃〃悟狠逃9: How are cults everywhere?
　　〃NAZI Red Army: Ge Yiming God.
　　The landlord surrendered.
　　"awfi98: I don't believe in Geshen, only the ＾wordofgod￣s of the people believe in God.
　　"" Shenhua Emperor: friendship poured cold water, motives are not pure, repair is not enough, all feelings are empty.
　　"Mei black: 50 million ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　22, JR William: Ge God, waiting for you to be king
　　When Ge Da Shen was a king? ?
　　〃乞呀酎:20191001
　　Li Xuanyi: Ge Yizhen is hip-hop?
　　〃〃舞噬壇 CEO: Ge Shen is the ultimate god stick, cheering Ge God.
　　〃2020-X: Silly X, Nie thought where is Nepal! Heaven! A big mouth cannon.
　　In China, there is only one theory of "Marxism". Only one thought, "Mao Zedong Thought" can only support a power to dominate the "Party Central Committee headed by Xi Jinping"!
　　"" The password formula is open: Ziwei moves, persuaded to drop books.
　　The second generation of true holy @Ge Moumou, please surrender, the direction is wrong, the opposite direction doubles to make up for the mistake, please the public to surrender!
　　
　　23, Ai Ni: Even if God gave Ge Yizhen a revelation
　　Explain that he believes in God, and the Bible says that there is only one God, indicating that his result is still human. Ge now says that he is a god himself. Isn't this one taking his own mouth?
　　〃〃乞雑: 舞徨.
　　Ai Ni: The Son of God, indicating that he is the Son of God. Directly believe in how good God is, why should you believe in the Son of God?
　　〃〃乞雑: Bridge.
　　〃cxw881105: I think someone will pay for the fake and shoddy.
　　"" Take the peak and pass: Roll, do you want the saint to be so badly hurt, sad.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Shen Zhizheng!
　　"" dark954444: MLM organization, the identification is completed.
　　
　　24, the sorrowful prophet: Ge God, religion is for religion
　　It should not be associated with things like globalization, such as politics. The initial development of religion is not an enemy and a change.
　　"Gehua: Mu Sheng only laughs and is not sad.
　　〃 SKY 975: Jesus Christ is the God of the West in the realm of China's Heluo civilization is not worth mentioning. When you were born in China, you couldn¨t fill the shelves of the Western Gods. Where did you put your ancestors?
　　"Gehua: 2019 Ge Yi Yu Wang. World king.
　　"" Xuanlong Emperor: Like me, I saw Ge Yizhen three words, please leave a message 666.
　　"Rotten mud and flowers: Seeing the emperor's performances of various roads, don't want to be happy, not disgusting at all, so that people know how to behave together, haha ??has nothing to do with right and wrong, and has a good reputation.
　　〃〃杏杏User_7RaD598: The famous 66 ＾wordofgod￣s, if this is the case, human beings are not far from destruction.
　　
　　25, 稿 real people here: Ge Shen, said that there is a fart
　　Let your so-called God stand in front of me and show his ability to create human beings. I believe, God, if it is omnipotent, why do you need a believer like you? What kind of faith do you want to teach? Almighty, do you need tools to make people believe in God?
　　The password formula is open: hundreds of fake saints in the cult of the cult are competing for the position of the Beijing Baiyun Temple. The hundreds of false saints of the cult of the Ge cult are thinking that the name of the saint is a saint. It is actually the name of the sacred woman. This has nothing to do with us. We only recognize that the angel has a woman. True Saint is only married to an angel of a woman.
　　What is a saint, a large group of saints is definitely a false saint.
　　
　　26, Shenhua Emperor: No science shows that Gee Ge Yongfu.
　　"The goddess Xu Jinglei: the flower experience.
　　〃〃Shenhua Emperor: Gehua is a diehard loyalty powder, can not be convinced.
　　"The goddess Shu Qi: We are all Gehua."
　　〃〃Shenhua Emperor: How did Ge wash you into iron powder, how can I wash you into a citizen with independent personality?
　　"The goddess Shu Qi: Ge Shen ＾wordofgod￣ 50 million words.
　　"" Ai Ni: At best, it will be a Hong Xiuquan.
　　〃薮杏喘薩_QbAGJSE: Ge Dasheng shows the goddess to the Madonna, and complement each other!
　　
　　27, money20121999: The high level has long wanted to resist the evil cult
　　Now that the cult has fallen, thank you very much.
　　"The only true God of God: For the gods, the banned book "Nervous" of the prefecture is a cult, and the cult is changed to the Bible.
　　This God¨s position is not against the country.
　　Ge¨s tail, which pretends to be a god, is manifested in the letter with the believers to follow Kesi.
　　The tail of Ge Moumou, who pretends to be a god, is carrying a believer to follow the followers.
　　〃〃今苧埖19703: This name is picked up. Yimin is the meaning of the people. It is this name that makes you sacred in the sanctification.
　　
　　28, the prefecture privileged judge: Ge Moumou's "Sickness" is classified as evil cult, two cults
　　One evil is to tamper with the Bible and serve Marx as a cult for the gods.
　　The second evil is to engage in hundreds of fake saints and then promote sexual openness. The pollution caused by the Chinese mainland has long been regarded as a cult by the central government.
　　
　　29, Gehua: Read the ＾wordofgod￣s of the gods.
　　"Ubisoft East Germany: Read the hair selection letter Marx.
　　〃〃NAZI Red Army: Ge Yiming firmly opposes the theory of blending.
　　"Tang San's weapon see: What is the "Ge Yizhen" what is the devil?
　　All the bars related to Marxism are all filling the water and brushing some inexplicable things.
　　"" empty fence old 瀞: god stick.
　　"Tang San's weapons see: What monsters and ghosts have.
　　"" rulinger Ou Ren: Baidu search "Vulgar wiki"
　　After the entry, query the "Ge Yimin" entry (min word for the people's people).
　　"Gehua: I am a god, you have to listen to Ge Yizhen.
　　〃〃h繁9: Are you a pasta? Didn't he say that he is a god? Are you coming to grab the gods again?
　　
　　30, die together 174a: Ge Yimin! Repairing is better than just taking the national teacher!
　　Haha. I can't think of it!
　　"" Shen Huadi: Comrades who have contributed, can not be pretending to be ghosts.
　　"Sunshine up the teenager: Xiamen carving god stick.
　　Self-contradictory chaos - theology? Also for the proletariat? Does the proletariat know the historical materialism and dialectical materialism? If Comrade Marx is still alive, he is afraid that he will be happy for a hundred years.
　　
　　31, Red Dust Woman 520: Ge Yizhen simply ruined the reputation of the true Ziwei saint
　　nausea!
　　I feel that I believe that Ge Yizhen is very ridiculous. I really can't figure out which one is, and I blindly believe in worship. Although I am not quite sure, Ziwei is indeed a girl, but she has not grown up yet.
　　Please don't be fooled by Ge Yi. He is not a saint of Ziwei at all. The samurai saint is actually a woman, and is active in Hunan and Guangzhou. He is just under the banner of the saints of Ziwei! ! ! Expressed anger.
　　_ Post bar user _5VSGUMU: Rest assured, pretending to be a lie, there will be no future, I think that person will not let them go. The door to hell has been opened for them.
　　〃〃袗晩佛况: Ten out of ten is a liar who wants to be the head of a cult. Blowing himself and playing with the size, if it is not a normal person, he should suffer from schizophrenia and mental paranoia to a certain extent. Does this really believe?
　　〃〃Slow release film 7: But Ge Yizhen can lie.
　　Juliet 591: Ge¨s stuff is really a pinch.
　　
　　32, the master has come: Geshen long live long live
　　Free Marino: God's Right GCZY to understand.
　　〃〃袗晩佛况: But if you dare to use your so-called god to collect money, pretend to be a ghost, as long as you dare to show up in China, jail and mental hospital waiting for you, then I will swear this, your words, loopholes, want to deceive Also need to advance with the times to improve your quality, to the yellow kind of black people to thank the white pirates? What they bring is more plague, war, hunger, and death. So bloody and deep hatred, you let us recognize the thief as the father? What you really want to thank is the Chinese Communist Party, in order to let you eat the full support, touch the keyboard, and do the Spring and Autumn Dream. I don¨t know what to do.
　　
　　33, never forgive: a certain teacher (Ge God)
　　Dry and dry, Ma Ma Lai, not a thing.
　　〃zhengduquan123: Can't compare with Pastor Sun Haiying.
　　"" Never forgive: It is not normal to look at it. It has been illegal to register without registration at the Office of Religion.
　　〃zhengduquan123: No cure, now the threshold for joining the organization is too low.
　　"" Never forgive: As long as the report of the mission is sealed forever.
　　"dark954444: Let's say that Ge is really a god."
　　
　　34, Xishan meditation: Ge Shenzhen is still a little handsome ^_^
　　"Rotten mud and flowers: people practice their own ideas! Deceive it! Play well! Do you know how to do it? Have you practiced it for your ideals?
　　"Sunshine up the teenager: This is the place for communist activities, what do you want to do?"
　　In the fight against the broken paper of the gym, there is no such thing as a dirty and tired Stalinist.
　　In short, the waste of firewood that opposes the interests of the working class has all gone out to the labor force. The anger of the migrant workers and labor intellectuals of our generation is not yet produced at this time.
　　
　　35, 撥赱楳竇: Ge Shen
　　You want me to say you, what else can I say?
　　Once the ＾wordofgod￣s are screaming, the rumors will stop.
　　What do you want me to do? What else can I do?
　　Reading the ＾wordofgod￣, the letter, the god, the god, the only true God
　　What do you want me to think? What else can I think?
　　Since the times are going to be turned over, simply welcome the new world.
　　The idea has become stereotyped.
　　
　　36. Spirit of Taishang: Gao Ge Ge Yishunism
　　Create a great new era without fighting and not quarreling.
　　Ge Yizhen¨s stuff is just full of joy.
　　If Zi Sheng sees it, it is estimated that he will laugh at his stomach.
　　So I don't care.
　　People are comedians, and it¨s not easy to eat them.
　　The letter will be a set of things, indicating that you should be deceived!
　　Post it here! The benefits are really much.
　　We can not only consume Zisheng, but also consume Ge Yizhen.
　　〃薮杏喘薩_QQPU2K4: Shut up and lie down. Do not fight, do not quarrel! That's it.
　　
　　37, Ziwei sage Zhang Tianzi: About the network fax is the question of the BIOS behind the scenes in China
　　The true holy does not belong to the gang, but the Chinese high-level early vision of the cult is a heresy. It has long been necessary to eradicate the cult, and the true sacred is the fake imposter, how to say no matter what.
　　"Grosixinoy: The top does not know Gehua at all. If you have these few, no one knows who Gehua is."
　　"" mud and flowers: you can also install, you have to act, he is more powerful than your cow.
　　〃Red Dust Woman 520: Beautiful stick, are you sending it?
　　If you can't figure out the truth, you don't want to believe in it.
　　
　　38, 撥赱楳竇: More and more clear, Ge God's first three dreams are often done
　　There is another point similar to the 17th dream. I dreamt that I ate the mountain too much. I couldn't finish it. I woke up and cried... I thought it was a mountain.
　　〃freetelescope: Ge Shen, Sha Biyongfu, get out and post it! Shameless, every day here is holy.
　　〃〃Soochow Broken Knife: ＾Ziwei Sage￣? Oh, this feudal superstition is contrary to scientific socialism. Entering a communist society cannot rely on the efforts of individuals or a small group, relying on the joint efforts of laborers all over the world.
　　
　　39. Room index: Ge Yim is the most handsome saint born in the 60s.
　　Therefore, the glory of the title of the sage of Ziwei is the master of Ge. And Ge master founded the ＾wordofgod￣, indicating that the talented Ge Sheng is one of the leading Messiah saviors, and Ge¨s disciple Ge Hua is the star of the angelic messenger. I am right, right?
　　Master Ge Yiming grew up with the second male protagonist of the Korean bridge, Han Zaixi looks almost exactly the same. Therefore, the title of the most handsome saint born in the 1960s is the master of Ge Yiming. Gehua knows that Ge Sheng is a handsome religious master when he was young. I understand the truth.
　　
　　40, red dust woman 520: Do not believe what Ge Yizhen
　　The true saint is a woman, it should be a southerner. If there is a true saint, then the two women must be homosexual. ~~ World Datong, interesting.
　　"Rotten mud and flowers: Ge Shengren.
　　"" Frozen pure water ★ cool: father and son are celebrities.
　　"Country Earl of Earl: You are a god."
　　"The only true God of God: The evil sin Ge Moumou pretending to be God, chaos the Bible to please Marx, the Bible can not please Marx. The sin of Ge is pretending to be God, chaosing the Bible and misleading the believers. It is not the Bible that the Bible is joined to Marx by cults. The greatness of the Bible is not the communism of the banned book "Nervous."
　　
　　41. System MK7: Ge Yimian, Christian communism is the theocratic system
　　Will prosper for 5,000 years.
　　〃Ice pure water ★ cool: such a great god
　　Actually can not afford the old age.
　　Ge Yiming dare to make a sin for the world? Dare I believe him.
　　〃〃乞雑: Jesus is the same.
　　〃Shao Leichao: ＾wordofgod￣, if there is no mistake, then anyone who has read it will believe. As long as you write it out, it will spread very quickly. Is there any Xinhua Bookstore now sold?
　　〃〃乞雑: Hong Kong Book Number. There are thousands of books on the Internet, and it is useless to promote.
　　
　　42, l1776022007: Ge Shen is just a pathfinder
　　"say10: Ge your sister, every day *** brush.
　　"The spirit of the Taishang: the bar in the group of magical dance, what Zhang Tianzi, Ge Yizhen, Tianxin princess, Sugawara, these stickers in the net red, or mandatory eye-catching net red, put the bar to make a fuss.
　　Before the sneak peek, check out our Ge Yizhen and Zhang Tianzi to see if they are the enemy or the enemy.
　　
　　43. Dong Qingyi: You want to confess your sins and repent in front of me.
　　"The mud and flowers: That guy is very unlucky! The book that was predicted to be confusing, even the situation could not understand, and the tragedy of everyone shouting was also organized and supervised by the organization.
　　"" 2l century is China d: <Ge pseudo-goods> This [residual goods] also want to use its [primary level] to <wash> other people's brains, ghosts believe it? Still not it is there every day [self-entertainment]?
　　"The Spirit of Too: I am God, you have to listen to Ge Yizhen!"
　　My teacher, Ge Yizhen, is a comedian, a great artist. I was so squandered by you that I couldn¨t stand it anymore.
　　Don't you know that playing God requires acting skills and emotional input?
　　How much joy did Teacher Ge Yizhen bring to us, don¨t you know that you are grateful?
　　
　　44, Li Sanniang loves to dazzle: Ge Shen? Little sister, you come up with the limelight
　　Do you want to be serious about garbage that you are crazy about?
　　"Soochow Broken Knife: Ziwei Sage"? Oh, this feudal superstition is contrary to scientific socialism. Entering a communist society cannot rely on the efforts of individuals or a small group, relying on the common efforts of laborers all over the world. .
　　〃〃杏杏User_7eVaZP1: What saints, confusing evil elements, the poor people who follow, wake up soon.
　　
　　45, Vulgar wiki: the most vulgar - evil doctor
　　Ph.D. in Chinese Language at Nanjing University! Ge Yimin is the person with the highest academic qualifications!
　　Ability: Manipulating the Zombie
　　Self-hype.
　　Special: Mantra: Fuck your mother
　　Top post dog, your mom is fried
　　He is God, you have to listen to him.
　　Nirvana: "＾wordofgod￣."
　　
　　46. ??Spirit of Taishang: I am a god. We must listen to Ge Yizhen¨s comic dialogue.
　　"General General Rebiel: Now is 2019, the miracle of the dolphins and the people?"
　　"" quietly quiet 82: : Nanda? Mr. Jiang is also alumni of NTU and is involved in the corpse case for dozens of years. What is your inside information?
　　Ge God has ＾wordofgod￣s, and scholars have 3 fat.
　　Freetelescope: Get out of the post! Shabiyongfu!
　　47, know: how to treat Ge Yimin?
　　"" Wang Daxing: He is also a theological communist.
　　Know: Which four poor nets are the four major net philosophers?
　　〃He Wentao, Wang Keren, Ge Yimin, Zhou Jinhua.
　　"Yu Yanan: Ge Yimin, the leader of the cult, will at least collect his own and doubts about his own speech, and Huang Xinwei only dares to collect the opinions of his supporters. As a result, he thinks he is invisible.
　　"" under the stars: Li Qiu away? The goods shackled by Ge Yimin.
　　
　　48, strange data: Ge Shen, this kind of person, you try some
　　The earth is designated to take him first.
　　SKY 975: Regardless of the ＾wordofgod￣s, Heluo Civilization Avenue is the true Shinto of China. The book of heaven is not a god. The book of Heavenly Book is clear and clear. I hope that you will not announce your ＾wordofgod￣s and saints in the years to come. One is already in place, are you going to fight, no one is stopping you. The book of Heavenly Book is a book to guard against counterfeiting. 
　　49. Chinese Sword: Ge God¨s ** is not cleaned up, it is estimated that it is taught by an organization.
　　"What is the big blame: the so-called schizophrenia can deceive people, and can be bullied.
　　"" Never forgive: You are a god.
　　〃仔事zcc: Why are all the speculations Ge Yizhen everywhere?
　　It should be a bit interesting to search for information about himself and several generations of families.
　　Always brush the screen like this, when I am the master, it will basically be cleared.
　　
　　50, I want to be a singer: Amitabha wishes Ge God to surpass the purple sacred
　　"l1776022007: After the earthquake, the big water, called the country to find him a gun."
　　"" strange data: This person is being closed.
　　Xiao Yongge: I said that "＾wordofgod￣" is what I mean. It turned out to be the "Bible" of the cottage.
　　Where is the ＾wordofgod￣ reading?
　　"" Bell is Bell: Applying for the testimony: I am very passionate about Satan. Recently, the believers of Ge came to do things, disturbing the order and it is difficult to completely eradicate. As a friend, I can¨t sit still. I hereby apply for the post. .
　　"Hmmm: Can the disease of the epidemic be cured?"
　　
　　51, Ge Yimin zombie fluttering street: why Ge Geji does not post a day
　　A few thousand posts of Zhenjiang Forum called?
　　Because there is a public office directly in the station, basically will reply, it is afraid of being caught.
　　"Knife's kitchen knife: He is a water army, there are a few people besides him, they are in the Pleiades, like a science fiction movie parasitic in an advanced alien spaceship, covered in slimy Like the Zerg soldiers.
　　"" too purple wind: Ge Yizhen teacher, how are you! Come again.
　　
　　52, small farmers are proletarians: Some things, the villain is better than Ge, is also a villain.
　　Some rich people, doing good deeds every day, helping the poor, in Ge's eyes, are not good people.
　　Obviously, the progress of mankind is "Ge's theory", not class theory and human theory.
　　〃〃孕但: No, the main difference between the three and five will have Ge a brush screen
　　"The Ashes of Time 656: Nothing." It¨s better than being managed. Besides, you are about to turn the Ge Da Boy into a believer.
　　"" Zhao Mang: You count yourself and have fun.
　　〃Return is very: Gemin is a master, too.
　　"The knife of the knife": Surname Ge, you can not get the power of the negative fourth dimension in this life, so redeem it.
　　Windyhyl1237: There is a feng shui fire that says that you are a purple substitute. He said that he is Azi.
　　
　　53, lv543405376: Ge Shen, the earliest gods were passed from Hong Kong
　　At that time, as long as someone joined, the items to be eaten would be very popular in Hong Kong. This is the Western countries who want to rule China and let the people believe in this religion. Understand it, the Tao is natural, the gods will only Amen, who All the people who eat and drink are Amen. No one gives you all to starve to death. **One, religious belief is very important to a country, but Amen.
　　"Gehua: Hong Kong 俵 舞縮? The god religion originated from Ge Shen.
　　〃〃嶄嶄和怎怎: You can also listen to one or two sentences.
　　"Eternal Starry Sky: 2019 must have positive energy, brother.
　　
　　54. Comet comers: This is also the pretending to be a ＾wordofgod￣!
　　Laughing to the world...
　　(You can¨t live without it, you can¨t get polluted, it¨s ＾wordofgod￣s, we¨re not embarrassed, just like a joke!)
　　"The cows are born: it is the deliberate use of people to brush posts... Many vests are not real people.
　　〃〃蠶佛人人: Then they can get a few cents subsidy every day?
　　"24 elegant: this is not fun, will understand later. Things must have demons abnormally.
　　Did not understand, remind you, this group of people has the most secrets. It¨s the most stupid thing to slap in the bar all day long. Everyone has a purpose, as long as there is a purpose, it is different from ordinary people. This is the gameplay of the saint game. Look at the problem and go to heart.
　　The most interesting of these, you will understand later. Don't think too bad for others.
　　Poor people are sometimes hateful and stupid. Now the secret is becoming more and more obvious, such as counting more, having more predictive ability, and what is brain-controlled. Now jealous of others, jokes about others. Take your heart and think about it. If the prophecy is false, then what are you doing with this? Not much to say.
　　Anyway, I look very good about this stuff. This post is catching up with the world of bliss.
　　
　　55, chinamoney6: Do you tolerate a group of saints
　　Grab your name?
　　A communist dream.
　　〃yes: Ge Shen?
　　"" The truth is not old forever: What kind of ghost is Ge Yimian? Why do you say so much in him, just come in, please advise.
　　The war of sickle hammer: This bar needs the help of comrades! More posts Post all those god stick posts down!
　　At the same time, everyone can speak more and strive to become a master soon.
　　Top reactionary molecules get out of Stalin.
　　
　　56, the surname swallows the world name: Ge God, the second of the heavens: can not be called the god in the world!
　　"" too purple wind: Ge Yizhen, Zhang Tianzi, these estimates have been controlled by the director group, and Tianxin formed a full set of juggling team.
　　This director group, who is responsible for holding, is responsible for stepping on.
　　Whoever is awakened thinks that he is a purple sage. Someone is stepping on you, what is the radical method, and the whole set is for you. There is also a group of people who are responsible for encouraging you and marrying you.
　　〃ximeng_syf: Ge does not know, according to the general rules, forcing others or brushing the screen is not a good thing! !
　　
　　57, a leaf shock: Ge Christ neuropathy is nervous again
　　Liu Into: You are careful that you will be mistaken in the future and you will become a god.
　　"Pre-Day Comforter: Geshaco and Huangcai two stickers, Dahao was greeted sooner or later.
　　Use Gesha coins to swear the true God, you are not *** no reason.
　　"" The lighter - Aileliang: Is this a problem?
　　Why are so many advertisements and church stickers? Applying for a bunch of people to apply for it, the main Baidu does not approve, this is the rhythm of the finished egg?
　　"The war of the sickle hammer: This does not require a god stick. Please leave Stalin for all the sticks."
　　
　　58. Niulan Biansheng: Ge God's communist Christ is no one believes
　　"The wind and the fire together: Anyway, you can't be a saint, you should be a good man."
　　You might as well go back to the retreat to modify and modify the so-called ＾wordofgod￣s, otherwise it would be more shameless than Buddhism and Jesus.
　　"" 24 elegant: Haha, Ge's secret is to believe his book, ignore him. The contents of the book make sense. This is typical when you don¨t see it. Otherwise, it¨s a curse, and it also promotes superstition. You think he is so bold.
　　"realingbeing: He is an animated cartoon..." The prototype of Ge Xiaolun's role in "Xiongbing Company".
　　
　　59, Niulan live: Do you dare to write this ＾wordofgod￣?
　　Or is it to use the Datong theory of Seoul to crush the nations?
　　2019.10.1 The country is also the king of the people... Is this a secret number? What do you mean by everyone?
　　king? elf? Dead?
　　〃24 Elegant: Don't be stupid, you can trust. Maybe the people are kings, maybe there are more advanced explanations. Anyway, neurotic diseases are not easy to provoke.
　　""" can be seen hydrangea: Maybe it is his trumpet, snake sperm disease does not care.
　　_5VDbbCU: To say that Christianity has existed for thousands of years, you copy and paste every day, this is also your belief, just like Christians praise and glorify God every day.
　　"" Chen Pingfei is a Christian: Ge is a false god.
　　
　　60. Knowing: What kind of experience is it to become an "antichrist"?
　　Survival and dignity: @乞呀酎 @舞縮
　　〃巣鍋 Clarity: Is Ge Yimin a god?
　　"" Wang Daxing: He still does not reach the level of liberation theology, and advocates super class cooperation. The essence is still expensive.
　　〃Sima Shangxian: Ge neuropathy, who believes who is a neuropathy.
　　Where is the god stick.
　　The war of sickle hammer: I hope that comrades can support this and drive away these ghosts and snakes.
　　"The Vatican University: Not a church paste, it is a simple cult."
　　61. Over the wall party: How does Mr. Ge prove that he is a god?
　　"Ge Yimin: Chapter 16 Ge Yimin's proof.
　　〃〃涙兆0000006: Come on.
　　"Diamond Stars: The description is so good. Praise.
　　〃〃Sima Shangxian: Apply to the Lord [If you can pass, pull the group of gods all the way to the corn in the small black house].
　　Destroy the gods, and it belongs to the Bolsheviks.
　　As the title, Ge neuropathy rolls quickly.
　　Are all of the neuropathy ＾wordofgod￣s?
　　〃24 Elegant: Read the ＾wordofgod￣s to get the essence. The disease is not light.
　　
　　62, paste the user _5M8N5UK: Ge Daxian Weiwu
　　Dacheng to Shengxian Shi Gexian.
　　"The world's elegant thousand divisions: Ge pig was found to be a kitchen cook in a small restaurant in West Virginia.
　　"" Love you forever: There is reason, Ge God. Ge Xiaolun, the power of the Galaxy.
　　God is not a play.
　　If you do more merits, you will be able to become a god.
　　"The Ashes of Time 656: Oops, don't be disappointed with Ge, and mix and sing with the night."
　　
　　63, too purple wind: Cheats quality!
　　10 million gives you a slightly higher level than the Ge Ge Yi, anyway, you can fool the birds, the beast is almost the same.
　　30 million, to get you the level of Jianghu Qigong master.
　　50 million, to get you the level of such a family, Mohist.
　　100 million, to get you the level of Confucianism, at least not worse than Zhu Xi and Wang Yangming.
　　5 billion, to get you the level of Zhang Zai, Wang Fuzhi, Taizu is to learn from the ship Chuan, this level is quite high, but to beat the various competitors, it is not enough.
　　10 billion, get the level of Taiyi to you, and support the detailed mind.
　　This method of heart and mind, if it is in accordance with the level of Zhang Zai and Wang Fu, is the level of 'rice in the heart and ten in the outside,' is an important accessory for absorbing the strength of the world.
　　Without such a package, it is impossible to cultivate.
　　Of course, how to write a cheat, or do not mind.
　　If you don¨t buy out, there are too many workloads to be written by this Holy Spirit, and naturally it will not give you too much heart.
　　10 billion cheats, revised to your satisfaction.
　　
　　64, too purple wind: I know, I will learn like Ge Yizhen.
　　"say" say10: You are a person, he is also a person, still god. . Dripping, Zeus knows you.
　　"The dream of pursuing a lifetime: not bad, shooting a bird, he dare to go out really worth everyone to learn worship, he is a personal thing.
　　"" mud and flowers: Lao Ge is also very powerful.
　　The war of the sickle hammer: knocking down the gods and sweeping the reactionaries.
　　747498518: Do you have a girlfriend? If you can, I will immediately believe.
　　"There is rain in the sky: Is ge Yimin not a beggar?"
　　
　　65, God Feece: Ge God rises!
　　Ge God is going to worship!
　　〃VV: There is a photo inexplicable like Peng Yuxi.
　　〃〃WMSL: It¨s too grass to be killed by the tank.
　　〃〃杏杏喘薩_7282yVy: No entry ** only, Ge Yimin does not have the ability and knowledge in the universe, he is just an illiterate.
　　A15819460294: Haha, the political power in the gun, the saint should be armed.
　　"Solomon King: God's sticks go to hell.
　　〃A15819460294: Counterfeit goods.
　　〃〃薮杏喘薩_7282yVy: Waste, things.
　　"Yu Xing visitors: Thank you for bringing these jokes to the post! ...[OK]
　　
　　66, dark954444: Ge God is a saint.
　　〃〃伉邦飛雑: God, absolute God, ＾wordofgod￣ is also God.
　　〃Shao Baseao: Is it the wind and the world?
　　〃〃表剩巷: Temporary bar rules: cult is strictly prohibited.
　　"Munning Wright: Congratulations, I don't have to look at the cult."
　　〃〃24 Elegant: Unless you can leave from this post, you will have the label of Gehua on your head. The despicableness of neuropathy makes you lose the money with his spray. We can't be his disciples, but their logic is occupation. Stupid people, they don¨t take this to say things, you think about it. Neuropathy is not easy to provoke. They are all ideologically high.
　　
　　67. One yin and one yang is: Ge God advocates that he and the evil say that the ＾wordofgod￣ can live forever and never forever.
　　Nothing is scared.
　　Every day, I watched the propaganda video of his post, and watched his online text ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　〃〃A15819460294: He was the national leader one day, otherwise it was a counterfeit.
　　"Air after the rain 2688: Can anyone say that he is a saint, has the body of the seal and the experience of being sealed?"
　　〃〃fengch8260: The disease caused by reading ＾wordofgod￣s is called neuropathy, and the neuropathy is looking for people.
　　煉Haxi 25hhh: Ge dog eggs, you still want to learn Hong Xiuquan, don't look at what era is now! You have lost your name in the morning and evening, and your name has already existed in hell.
　　
　　68, Wang Zhuoqun: Ge Yimin is the most diligent holy
　　If you are not a saint, you will no longer be holy. Sister, you will recognize him.
　　"" mud and flowers: every day to discuss a neuropathy is also drunk.
　　"michael04160: cult.
　　"Alpharius: You get out!" Cult organization! You are mentally ill with Anna's empty shell! You don¨t have enough left-wing stickers!
　　"Guangming 999: I don't believe that the novel mad east to the West spelled out a book can make something, can lie to the blind, but can not fool the eye.
　　
　　69, Xi Yue Lou: Ge Shen, who is he listening to him? Why
　　You are God, I am a blasphemy, so. You are just a creature under the butcher's knife. Fish in the plate. God wakes up. Let's live a life of fear from now on.
　　Very simple, either you use the dignity of God to make me die, or I live according to my way of survival.
　　鈍鈍今俑: Ge xx who introduced to you? I haven¨t arrived for a long time, and I¨m going to get him out.
　　〃〃柴貨嘱妖: The story of the book is a lie.
　　_ Post bar user _QRyKNbN: Since you say surname Ge, what is the heavenly order?
　　The qi of the Ziwei sage is not what Seoul expects. You say that God is Christian, and the incense is true.
　　"" Brown sugar mung bean soup: from the spiritual sea of ??suffering, as early as materialistic thought. Free your heart and pain.
　　"why_ squandered life: he is more than God."
　　
　　Observers 70 and 49: Ge God Christian communism exists in the West
　　A modified Christian derivative idea.
　　Some Christians sympathize with socialists and believe that they are rich in sacrifice to fight the injustice of society, but those in the left circle do not have such treatment. The right-wing leftists despise such people, and they are simply human debris.
　　Xin Ge God has eternal life.
　　Ge God does not look like a person to see people, people look at the appearance, Ge Yi Min is to see the heart.
　　〃〃Key-Government-Must-Death: And Ge is still in the big post for 24 hours high-intensity 窰 stickers... Especially for each of Ma Zhe.
　　The elegant people of the group of people have established alliances against radicals.
　　In fact, the elegant people of all walks have already had human flesh and people have gained a lot.
　　"shzy leisure: I am afraid of being hanged by cultists, I am afraid of it~
　　I decided to fight them for a long time, no matter how to remove them from the Zuowei stickers!
　　〃〃Key-Government-Must-Death: Elegant people are ready to make a real person fight against Ge, you know.
　　〃People's Guardian 373: That's good. Three parties united. This guy is finished.
　　""shzy leisure: The sound of the Marxism, Stalin, Che Guevara, the fourth international... This group of people do not know how much pollution!
　　The name of 6yb: Ge has not been able to get any bamboo shoots by conventional means, and the title is useless.
　　71, as the township 789: never thought that this person is a bad person
　　Is Ge Yimin really bad? I have to study it later. What is he doing? Do not understand´´
　　"Rao: No one cares about a certain Ge.
　　I can see that I want to laugh. This group of robots is not good at brushing.
　　〃〃朝肘3: The left does not make it into a prototype?
　　〃〃The night of fire insects: the world saints are all geyimin
　　"Guangcheng: Ancient people with dual powers are guilty of the people." The contract is determined by the war. With a holy heart, search for the words and deeds in the Bible to alert the world.
　　The disabled are now fascinating. Although the brain is still intact and the body has not yet been smashed, the heart is stealing grievances, and imagining "＾wordofgod￣" fornication.
　　I think he should go to Muslims to recognize them. Tell everyone in the Middle East, the brothers of your ancestors came and hurry to the pilgrimage.
　　
　　72, Xuzhou Xia Jianfu: Ge is a pyramid scheme, it is anti-
　　Anti-social, anti-personality, anti-township, anti-humanity, being used by hostile forces with ill-conceived powers, being exploited by domestic locusts who are not compliant with anti-corruption, is extremely harmful, and is not a part of it! !
　　"Seven Sea Bears: Don't label them first, ok? Is there any specific deeds about him? His birth and death years, education, resume, place of birth, where is now, etc.... Nothing is specific, it is harder to find than a ghost? Is it God, does it look like it? Does Jesus still have an image? Is it called the catcher?
　　"" Dongting North and South 81: Ge Yimin, you are so bold, read your name evil sounds, and dare to demonize.
　　"Peculiar data: God, you are a skin. Your dog and the cross dog are wearing a pair of pants.
　　
　　73, Ge Yimin psoriasis: GE eunuchs it was a wimp stuff
　　I have to take it and dare not post it.
　　Every day, the guards spread on the keyboard and forced the teacher to go out. The neighbors did not know that this animal would be a network celebrity, and Li Yanhong¨s face was sore.
　　You are not willing to die and refuse to spread the teachings. Li Yanhong is very embarrassed.
　　〃舞况2027喉賤: Let Ge God die.
　　"" Dongting North and South 81: Xiongtai, this can not believe.
　　To be honest, I don¨t think people who post it have a truth, and they like to write articles with others, change their numbers freely, but they are virtual, and they are virtual. This person is cautious, evil, and bad.
　　〃舞况2027喉賤: Can Gehua hold up the Guangming Club?
　　Xin Gehua will be a fart, but it is possible, his background has been hung up.
　　Can Gehua become famous in the first battle, and he will become famous after killing a few twenty-seven and eighty-nine.
　　The 30th level is unrealistic, Gehua does not have that background and strength.
　　"" Lost pants: shit nowhere.
　　
　　74, mud and flowers: a group of five hairs in the old Ge fans!
　　Dedicated to hate him.
　　"" Zhao Mang: Isn't that all Gehe?
　　"Rotten mud and flowers: A lot of Ge powder just talked privately about my estimated five hairs.
　　"" Zhao Mang: Ge Yimin that goods every day online deaf people to fight.
　　Ge Yimin¨s brain circuit is also magical. His son was dug up. He did not think about keeping things in order, but took the opportunity to speculate on his son and make him fire.
　　"Ge Yimin flutters the street: Ge Yimin has no depression and no schizophrenia. It is evil + disgusting junk.
　　〃薮杏喘薩_7282yVy: It makes sense. From the beginning of his birth, it brought smog, and he should give him a picture.
　　
　　75. History is as follows: Ge Shen Xihan, what is your relationship with Hong Xiuquan?
　　〃〃24 Elegant: Lao Ge, they are the killing sticks. Newcomers who come to post it must be screened.
　　Ge ＾wordofgod￣s, bluntly blame their ＾wordofgod￣s. It¨s all about neurosis.
　　Being paralyzed, I have to come. Interesting.
　　Lao Ge is advanced in depression and is divided into spirits. No explanation.
　　In fact, I don¨t think much about posting it. I am the most civilized, because I am mentally advanced to depression, and it is reverse.
　　〃Squid 1980: Oh! When will he come to save us?
　　"" Guangzhou Emergency Team cheers: This bar seems to have been bought by "over one". Didn't you see it? Whoever applies for the application can not apply. Here is a propaganda position.
　　
　　76, Zhao Mang: Ge God, guide you a horse, not all of you brought this cult leader?
　　"The boring nephew: Ge Shen, say this, how do you feel the incarnation of love?"
　　"" Zhao Mang: These stickers only seal you and I do not care about Lao Ge, indicating that they are most afraid of people who oppose them. The nature of these cults is clear at a glance.
　　〃貧從從欠: Actually okay because it is too low to believe that this kind of person is ** level is not worth saving.
　　So I feel that Ge Yizhen is the safest teacher. His cross talks still bring joy.
　　
　　77, Laoxianshan: Cut is also Meng.
　　〃CCCPers: One of the sticks.
　　"" Crystal DNA: It is a bit unexpected to say that I have sealed it now. It should be reported by someone.
　　"Knife's kitchen knife: It seems to be Ge dog.
　　〃￣avij_004: Ge Ge came and went to those few sentences, so the red family let them regardless of casual waves? Hey, this operation is really six.
　　"Knife's kitchen knife: Their desire to pursue freedom is small.
　　
　　78. Tractor pulling watermelon: So, what do you think of the Chinese Communist Party?
　　"Ge Yimin: Xintianxindi has no share."
　　〃〃The boat against the water Baifan: You are stupid, and he is a fierce set, you believe, and he is also finished, do you see a little change in the world?
　　You can't change the world, you can't change the world. If you want to change what you should install in your heart, you are the brother of the whole universe. If you have a good rest, there is a natural way.
　　〃VlOLET_DETECTOR: Retweeted Ge Yimin
　　<Flying UFO Heroes>
　　79, outdated users: Ge Shen, mother, engage in personal worship and slaughter you.
　　"I am a cute newcomer: he is an anchor who has no sound and no climate."
　　This person is very sleepy, very stupid. A little bit two.
　　"The title of the king: How come out of the video of so many gods?"
　　There are also a lot of Ge card repeaters.
　　"" mud and flowers: Ge Da Shen Tian war pseudo-national security is estimated.
　　Honestly moving bricks, these are all blacked out.
　　"Love: A Ge surname black and black water army frequently posted pollution eyeballs Motivation may be want to be the master. Everyone remembers to report him more.
　　"" My name is 74: It is estimated that I want to discredit [a surname of Ge].
　　
　　80, I drive Mercedes to hit your heart: the light of God
　　Windyhyl1237: Can he stand up? Have you seen anyone ban him?
　　〃〃The title of the king: Repeater. You don't want to advertise something that is nervous. Help me promote my peace and friendship.
　　Freetelescope: Get out of the post! I want to get rich and want to go crazy!
　　"""malamic: support Ge to go to the Galaxy to explode.
　　Tens of thousands of blood books.
　　"The rain of the sea: the shoe glue is killed in the cradle."
　　"windyhyl1237: The government does not warn you?
　　Although a bit of a repeating ingredient.
　　
　　81. Son of Light: Look at the thorough point, the negative forces are using Ge
　　And his bunch of trumpet, playing the mental illness to promote the social identity of the spiritual group, to pollute our community is to distort the public and the new manufacturing awareness. The purpose is obviously to break the concept of this pottery ugly new era. No one is playing Ge, his number is all his own operation, he is collecting money, this is the work of others.
　　Indeed, tolerance of this infiltration and distortion, the result must be bad. If the administrator is not willing to take this karma, then don't be an administrator. Do you think this post should not be cleaned up? Do you agree that this confusion and penetration makes others think that you are the same kind?
　　82, 20190416 different dreams: 2 Xu Qian
　　Tonight, my son and my colleague transferred their account to the company account. I saw the name of WeChat: Xu Qian, I laughed.
　　In the evening, I really dreamed of Xu Qian. She made garlic and shredded pork to me. The garlic seedlings were all her hands. I thought that others were cut, she personally pulled it by hand, better to eat.
　　
　　83. Guang Chengzi: I think Ge Shen should go to Muslims.
　　Meet them. Tell everyone in the Middle East, the brothers of your ancestors came and hurry to the pilgrimage.
　　〃舞况2027喉賤: Let Ge God die.
　　〃￣kewudeqid: He wants to be a Hongxiuquan. It¨s really a personal thing. Unfortunately, he can¨t afford the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom.
　　〃Jiang Jiali: The theocracy! 748!
　　
　　84. Tractor pulling watermelon: Ge God, do you think you will die?
　　"" Ge Yimin: No, 2019 eternal life.
　　〃Shao Base: You can read it yourself. I don't need to read ＾wordofgod￣s when I do things.
　　〃〃班匯咥: Ge Yimin, you will be here again, be careful of the government to check you.
　　Post a post to another post, you have been here to send me, I will think that you are a full person.
　　"Gehua: Ge Shen is bigger than the government.
　　〃〃a_wheat: The tone you said is so absolute, just like ＾God￣.
　　Eee3eeeeqw: Why don't Ge Shenxian go to Taobao for speculation.
　　"" God Buddha that beast: He dare to go to Taobao to sell "Shenjin"? It¨s said that the Taoist team is also developing under the command of God!
　　
　　85, kira: On April 11, 2015, Ge Momin was written a lot of black farts.
　　(At that time, I checked the papers, I was in the Department of Engineering, I didn¨t know him before.) I brought it to the knowledge network, brainwashed me across the screen, gave me ＾wordofgod￣s, and sent him to be a god. You must listen to his voice, and later I also asked me to memorize the quotations, when Gehua (this does not need to be dismantled), fortunately he was later olives.
　　〃Jiang Jiali: What happened? What about capital? What about Marx? What about Engels? Stalin, Mao Zedong, Lenin? How did it become what God taught Dongdong? Anyway, Lao Tzu does not believe in God, the gods must die long live the proletariat!
　　
　　86. Fujita Aya: Ge Yizhen is a god. Only a group of young people who don¨t know the truth will marry him!
　　"The life of the leather: the greatness of the surname Ge? Make a clear statement.
　　He should be banned, and he has ulterior motives.
　　I think so. I will further strengthen the ban on this issue after I became a master. Even if he is jealous, he is not allowed.
　　"" quietly quiet 82: In front of scholars surnamed Ge is a bubble.
　　Jack Kennedy: Now I found out that this is the master of the bar? The Lord is gone...
　　Is it true that the Lord has been besieged by the "shoes" head of the "concealed"?
　　This is the head of the cult all over the place...
　　Call on everyone, pay attention to the shoes in this bar to teach the head. Please be yourself safe, don't be in the spiritual field.
　　Please pay attention to the friends who come here, don't be controlled by the spirit of the cult leader.
　　
　　87, boring nephew: Ge Shen, are you a true god or a god or a god (¢-¢)
　　You know that we humans compare Ye Gong Hao Long, so you need to explain what God you are, whether human civilization has a record, or how do we know if it is necessary to report that God was discovered.
　　〃QXMJim: Do you believe that Ge Yimin is God?
　　〃〃 Quietly quiet 82: Apply for the testimony: This bar has been occupied by Ge Yimin cult members, I want to blacken them all.
　　
　　88. The Eagle of God: Is this a cult organization?
　　It seems to be related to the religious extremist "evil teacher" who is exposed in the eagle's eagle. Please pay attention to this person.
　　"Three of your uncle: @乞呀酎 came out to beat.
　　Hahahahahaha. God. God and the Word. Hahahahahaha.
　　"" Ge Yimin: Not afraid of dog bites, take a rabies vaccine.
　　"Aite timely rain: Geyema GYM, using the pinyin initials to make up this move is too low.
　　〃〃乞呀酎: The second brother Jesus did not speak English, and the older brother was also embarrassed.
　　"Female man's chest hair is five inches long: @嶄忽郡舒縮.
　　"" Ge Yimin: Daxing reports the wind, the representative is going to perish.
　　"Two priests: This has already ran out?"
　　"" Ge Yimin: Coordinates Zhenjiang, Jiangsu.
　　"Life is sinned: @嶄忽郡舒縮 Do not manage, may destroy the image of socialism.
　　"" Ge Yimin: Do you understand socialism?
　　Do you think that Marx is my third brother, is it dwarf him? On the contrary, he has raised him and redeemed him.
　　"Walter defends the motherland: ＾wordofgod￣s?"
　　"" Ge Yimin: Yes, ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　〃CA_Doronin: Old horse is still religious? You don't need Lenin! The church is blowing you up! The world's shavings!
　　〃〃乞呀酎: I did not say that the third brother is thinking about religion. My third brother represents communism, and the second brother believes in religion and represents Christianity.
　　秩 鯖 鯖 Hua Zhang Yuhua: Come out and beat, Jesus can't save you, I said! [塋丑]
　　"" Ge Yimin: What day is it?
　　
　　89, Liu Laoliu mortal general agent Xiaoqiang: Today's self-proclaimed god is also online.
　　"Ge Yimin: Is it difficult to access the Internet?
　　〃〃論糠悲秤圭剤絡: The freedom of speech on Weibo has reached an incredible degree. . . Look at the underground church on the right.
　　"Ge Yimin: Your desire for freedom is not high and you are embarrassed."
　　〃〃God's Eagle _5zn: You are so insane that you are already insane.
　　"Ge Yimin: Your own realm is low and embarrassing.
　　〃〃混署貯匚: Hong Xiuquan: Tell me the second brother?
　　"Ge Yimin: Comrade Xiao Hong, but recognize my second brother as the eldest brother."
　　"The grape skins that don't eat grapes. God is a horse. Christian communism... Communism is communism. Take the so-called gods in the West to touch our materialism."
　　"Ge Yimin: ＾wordofgod￣ 10, communism was first proposed by Christian theologians. As a doctrine of communism, communism was first founded by Christian theologians. The concepts of ＾distribution according to work and distribution on demand (reward on demand)￣ were first proposed by these theologians.
　　"The cosmic life-saver Chobe: Declaring that the individual is one of the typical characteristics of God is a cult."
　　"Ge Yimin: God.
　　"" End of the World - the old man makes you three tricks: This, is this Hong Xiuquan scam?
　　"Ge Yimin: Geyema GYM, there is no position for Comrade Xiao Hong.
　　"" Goodbye Kobe on the road: What are the birds in the forest? The key is to be fooled. It seems that nine years of compulsory education is not enough.
　　"Ge Yimin: ＾wordofgod￣ 3, 70% of people in the United States believe in religion, 60% in Russia... Do they not know science?" But in fact, their technology is more developed than us, because science has proved that the universe must exist in God.
　　"" Bragging is not good: Thanks to the Internet, or really do not know that the world is so wonderful, there are so many wonderful things.
　　"Ge Yimin: Your ideological realm is not enough."
　　"" The second artificial paradise: the seal was opened again.
　　"Ge Yimin: It opened again.
　　"" Mohamed sees Lanxi: Hahaha. Originally cp is a monotheism 4.0, quite true.
　　"Ge Yimin: What is the truth?"
　　
　　90, Mohamed look at Lanxi: Are you ironic or really got this teaching?
　　"Ge Yimin: Really, God.
　　"" Spring of Tenderness: I want to see God standing in front of me and roaring myself to kill 10 knives! Has proved undead! If you can, I believe in you forever.
　　"Ge Yimin: The second brother, Jesus, has proved: No.
　　〃〃乏邦墳: Thank you, but you call yourself a god, reminding me of the cult Li Hongzhi.
　　"Ge Yimin: No, the Son of God.
　　〃〃Lani 620: Scary ??
　　"Ge Yimin: Not terrible, just publishing ideas.
　　"A creature that cannot be said: I am both a Christian and a communist [eat melon], but this ghost thing is simply a mental illness hahahahaha.
　　"Ge Yimin: Genius is a neuropathy.
　　"Xuan Jing: The basic theory of communism is materialism?" You are playing the role of the so-called communist flag, but you don¨t even understand the most basic materialism... It¨s ridiculous! !
　　"Ge Yimin: I have already stated it above. Communism was first a Christian branch. You are not talking about communism or Marxism. Marx is also inherited.
　　"" Bragging is not in line: it is not easy to be a god like you, you have to brush microblogging yourself.
　　"Ge Yimin: Please remove the word "we", otherwise you will be guilty of God, God is the only one.
　　"Mohamed" looks at Lanxi: Waiting for you to be a tg leader.
　　"Ge Yimin: Fast, next time.
　　"" said: Marx:?
　　"Ge Yimin: The third brother has been unable to speak, and my big brother speaks."
　　〃〃The captain of the wind: My profession is blasphemy, what do you want me to do?
　　"Ge Yimin: I have to be popular."
　　
　　91, carlvinson Taurus: "＾wordofgod￣" did not record you!
　　"Ge Yimin: Do you confirm that it is "＾wordofgod￣"?
　　〃〃S措燉: Supplementary points to promote the individual is a god is also a cult.
　　"Ge Yimin: That is all religion."
　　A few strings: I agree that the relevant person who published this book is absolutely miserable. There is even corruption. Yesterday I also found that I received a dollar with wheel propaganda.
　　"Ge Yimin: You can't enjoy freedom.
　　"" No. 51 Ferry: You want to be Hong Xiuquan!
　　"Ge Yimin: Comrade Xiao Hong, I can't see it. This official is too small. I want to be Jesus and Marx."
　　〃〃略爺嗤査005: The last prophet, definitely not only one, I am also the last prophet, he is not satisfied, can PK.
　　"Ge Yimin: What did you know?"
　　〃〃Tq0uknn: The early sectarian socialism was not so stupid. The last one was so cool.
　　"Ge Yimin: You are pointing to the wheel? Now in the era of transparency, are you engaged in the line?"
　　〃〃惶惶来局徨: You are too god. Can you let me see Matsui Rena?
　　〃乞呀酎:20191001
　　"" Bragging is not good: Can you explain the Chinese words first? I am also a god with a primary school diploma.
　　"Ge Yimin: You are not thinking of my remarks, Sina will seal me." I enjoy the freedom of speech that China has given me. You think that Chinese people should not enjoy it.
　　
　　92. Most of the people who are not silent: Is this a believer?
　　"Ge Yimin: The leader.
　　"" No. 51 ferry: Hong Xiuquan said that he is the second son of God, count the brother of Jesus, you want to be the big brother of Jesus. God's private life is chaotic!
　　Ge Yimin: Not a god. ＾wordofgod￣ Eleven 89, our God is the God of God (Ge Yimin), not the God of Christianity (Jesus), of course, it is also possible that both are a God.
　　"" No. 51 Ferry: One of the foundations of communism is atheism, so you can't even figure it out, don't you feel funny?
　　"Ge Yimin: You are a horse. We are Ge Gong. ＾wordofgod￣ 10, communism was first proposed by Christian theologians. As a doctrine of communism, communism was first founded by Christian theologians. The concepts of ＾distribution according to work and distribution on demand (reward on demand)￣ were first proposed by these theologians.
　　Popular Science: Communism, the first Christian communism, represented: Comrade Weitling. Later, inheritance has the so-called utopian communism, on behalf of: Comrade Owen. Then inheritance has the so-called scientific communism, on behalf of: Comrade Marx.
　　
　　Ferryman 93, 51: Then you live in the imagination.
　　"Ge Yimin: What do you imagine? We all have a source.
　　〃〃匚弼裁198405: The evil person.
　　"Ge Yimin: Can you identify?"
　　〃〃Professional keyboard man, your fourth brother: ge Yimin, can you beat Jesus?
　　"Ge Yimin: My second brother, what do you say?"
　　"" Changbai Laoya: This is all TM believes, served.
　　"When the river flows eastward: I want to know your second brother [love you] [love you]. How many calls?
　　"Ge Yimin: No, only the big brother endorsement.
　　"" Self-contained navigation Huo to go to the disease: Hey, the six leaders of the communist movement, your face can be really big [spit] I have never seen such a brazen person, your shamelessness is beyond imagination [allowing sadness] [allow Sad][allow sorrow]
　　"Ge Yimin: Tell you quietly, in fact, it is Gemanleys Mao, you are a bird."
　　
　　94, the most vulgar - 211! 985! C9!
　　Nanjing University Chinese Department! Ge Yimin easily did 100,000 or even 90,000 scholars of Jiangsu liberal arts, and was the highest in the whole station! On April 21, 2019, Meng Chi unintentionally discovered Ge Yimin's Weibo, hanged it and criticized it, and then attracted Yue Kaiwen and a number of rabbit teenagers to watch. Ge Yimin's possibility of starting up slightly.
　　"Richer: Speaking of it, this Ge Yimin was also blocked by Baidu search, and the treatment was higher than Liu Zhongjing...
　　"" Transparent carrot boy: Caliber is justice.
　　"You can use technology: Ge Shenqi (believe).
　　
　　95, Xishan meditation: If you really want to change his mind with Ge God
　　It is best to look for him in the real world, so that the collected information will be comprehensive, so that you can easily judge whether he is a god or a god.
　　"Sunshine up the teenager: shelling the body of the fart.
　　The reactionary forces will die!
　　@乞匯酎 The sacred red sticker is not worthy of smashing.
　　@乞匯酎 Doing anti-socialist activities in the socialist countries.
　　
　　96, the big devil king: Shen Ming posted: today a cult person in this bar mess
　　Speech format: Beware of everyone with "Ge", if you have any problems, welcome to report.
　　"It's going to be a mistake: this kid is a Yunnan native, calling himself Ge God.
　　〃〃寄徴爺藍: Right.
　　"Decheng's return: Ge's organization is the main purpose of the organization. It is to gang up. They are not Buddhism. They are not agents of Christianity and Isnan. He is a social terrorist. They are a group of people who are eating Ziwei. The banner of the sage, swaying around. Deceiving the people. He can't represent any organization. It means that only a group of them are neurotic. The relevant government departments must be strictly bound, not letting them engage, chaos! If it is the government If they are allowed, then their backstage is definitely not a good bird! If necessary, they should ban their illusion of disturbing the people!
　　
　　97, al304: A few years later, al304 revisit this
　　Found disgusting fucking and disgusting did not open the door.
　　Xi and Ge think that the pyramids will occupy the C position in Egypt? ! The World War II sea salt matrix looks at the evil habits and Ge!
　　"班匯咥: I hope the government can check Ge Yimin, this person is probably related to the demon.
　　"" Recommended ointment: Yes, there must be some actuality and organization behind them, and even involve corruption, anti-Party and subversion.
　　
　　98, looking for a seclusion: Who is Ge Shen?
　　〃蠶佛人人: Gehua Gepai pollutes every day, it¨s a common thing! Not much to say! Ha ha.
　　The anti-golden new era of this ID and other piles of numbers are a Gehua, before several times confrontation (10 small, famous Gehua).
　　The trumpet is nervous every day, and you respect your brother.
　　"" Taiwan FC preparation director: Oh, I know, you have a good relationship with Gejiao, I have always looked at smiles, and you lose.
　　"The rain of the sea: I am also."
　　
　　99, al304: Xi, Ge, how are these two surnames coming? !
　　How do you rush with birds and humanitarian prisoners? !
　　Egypt has to do it all!
　　The point of the pyramid is also the turn of Xi, Ge? !
　　You can't say that the hair of the city wall bricks has nothing to do with cement. !
　　100, StarCraft old driver: Ge Wei Daxian, mana boundless!
　　In just one month, I had two nests, which was amazing.
　　"Critical zero point: After seeing Ge sent him his classic statement that night, he obviously didn't dare to reply. So I wanted to scare him scared the next morning. I came to an imitation show. The result was disappointing because no. With Ge's keyword, this guy has no fear, and then he is still a big man.
　　"" Baoguo Temple: Ge Yuanliu, very hearty.
　　"Move the wisdom: Ge Yiming has been arrested, what to do, he did not lie.
　　評茅 I deleted my most important post: I found that Ge You can't play it, which means he has an accident. Everyone else pays attention to safety.
　　I want to thank Ge Yimin for his representative and the false saints.
　　Ge Yimin and other fake saints help me, so that the dog tube that wants to hurt the Ziwei saint has no direction. I will definitely be the most correct. I remember that I sent it a long time ago.
　　
　　101, do your best to move: Anyway, no good, Baidu always stares at Laoge.
　　Baidu is just like human beings.
　　漂漂漂漂漂75: Grab it and grab it, what is it urgent? _? It is not a gun. The true saint may have passed away, and you still manage others.
　　"Gulag": graduated from Nanjing University in the 1980s, and also participated in the Heisei first year event, how the brain is now downgraded to this.
　　〃e: Ge Weixian¨s Weibo was blocked, and, sad.
　　〃〃薮杏喘薩_5WNW7Ca: Hello, I would like to ask you where is the god, passing by here to ruin our brothers and sisters.
　　Xiaolin Maoshu: The ninja of this door raised the intelligence and said that the surname Ge is an angelic sentiment to teach in China. It may be necessary to change the imperceptible change of the East Asian witch belief soil to reduce the power of the witch warrior, or be careful. .
　　"" The beautiful and strong bull: Ge knows that it is a white-collar worker.
　　"Creator debut: Ge pig war Zheng Niu!
　　"" No. 3 sauce: Gehua has come here.
　　102, Jin Chen Minxing: Recently cracked down, everyone friends consciously abide by the relevant policies
　　, stipulates, if this is blocked, then we all scatter, do not have to play, go all the way!
　　〃〃佛至 nwu: What is the fight?
　　"Worship the yellow clothes to teach the master: Strictly call the ghost of Ge.
　　"" Wang came to the earth: Impression, one is the test of DA, one is someone openly DA! Then the world saint is sealed! Ok! After that, Ge¨s water army unit began to act! Shouldn't you reflect on it? Don't involve politics, just don't listen or just don't listen!
　　〃釘抑謹壇佛: I rub.
　　I said that there is a moldy head today, and this is occupied by Ge ＾wordofgod￣.
　　Hook Soul Ge picking king @乞呀兆.
　　〃〃堝侮音岑侃: Ge Gun is owing to discipline.
　　"The rainy sea is sorrowful: No, he is very powerful. We can't report it in two years. He reported it, but he is indifferent."
　　〃〃從賑叫叫栖63: Ge Shen Yu, come here, this will also be closed.
　　Clear arrowroot? Don't post it, don't post it. So as not to be implicated.
　　〃釘抑謹壇佛: Ge garbage is really disgusting.
　　Cult.
　　"" Pentium's creek: difficult to understand, difficult to understand.
　　〃Chinese rooster figure: The world only deletes the tester and does not delete the Zhenjiang cult.
　　"" is just not right: The Lord is a cult of the Ge, he opened the member to hide. So I can't see who is the Lord.
　　The owner of that bar is the Ge Yi faction, otherwise it will not be so rampant.
　　
　　103, tractor pulling watermelon: Ge God, what do you think of the law 0 public.
　　Ge Yimin: I don't like it, but he has freedom.
　　〃〃: Reply to the lucky fruit??: This Ge Mingming is an individual, but also think that he is a god. I never believe in these ghosts, even if there is, there is fear.
　　〃SI Heart Department: I personally think that at some time, I want to use the hands of the gym to disintegrate the scorpion and the pseudo second international branch of each country! To provoke the contradiction between Gepai and the community.
　　
　　104, Huang Zhan zcc: Ge Yizhen and Post Bar is a cooperative relationship?
　　Recently, I reported all the advertisements that I saw here, but the strange thing is that they are basically not deleted by Baidu.
　　It is really doubtful that there is a business relationship between the two sides...
　　Who knows what the insider says?
　　Liu Muduan: I also suspect that there is a business relationship between the two parties. Post it is counting on this kind of net red to maintain traffic.
　　
　　105, Huang Zhan zcc: Ge Yizheng joint paste bar chaos?
　　Ge Yizhen¨s trumpet or fan¨s pop-up post, after the author¨s report, did not delete it, but posted my discussion of the relationship between them and the post to the people.
　　Does this mean that there is indeed some kind of corrupt partnership between the two?
　　Chen Pingfei is a Christian: Ge God is a false god. You still return to the arms of the true God.
　　Don't look at the "＾wordofgod￣" of Ge's stick, go to the Bible, and you will know that that God is true and that one is false.
　　106, Heaven is the Lord: Jesus is coming, but the dog = also = the people can not.
　　"Shine Devouring King: Superstition.
　　"" Heaven is the master: I have seen this guy's things, it seems not very good.
　　"Playing in a funny dog: the real Saint Yeme Wanjiao is one of the big rounds of Maitreya. The four difficulties are difficult to see. Unbelievable. Bad people.
　　〃〃Ye Xue: St. Yeme is the name of Geshen.
　　〃1838253446: Beautiful stick, you forgot what the father said? If he visits again, the people will not know the specific days, and the children will not know. Only the father knows that 20191001 is very fast. If he fails to say anything, then nothing is wrong. Isn¨t this a dilemma? ?
　　〃〃撥赱楳竇: Who is this TM?? Although I only believe in Ge! However, you can rest assured that I will not marry you.趣卓 is a kind of learning! ! Unfortunately, you can only pick up trash! ! !
　　Xin Ge God is right, believe what those garbage do! ! !
　　
　　107, g786856335: Gehua, no magical powers, don¨t call yourself a holy name
　　Follow the paradox, is he also going to hell? The positive is not in the evil path, and the repentance is returned to the right path in time. Otherwise, there will be reincarnation in the heavens, and it will pretend to be sacred.
　　"The Queen was removed from the Nine Palaces: Post User Song Ling, this Jiugong Minato is not as good as Ge Yimin."
　　"〃"hy83523: Are you not a lover of God?
　　〃QXMJim: Do you believe in Ge?
　　
　　108, the return of the moon: Wrong is "＾wordofgod￣", the Bible is the surname of Jesus.
　　Look at your training failure.
　　"The final song of the upgrader: Ge God wants to shoot."
　　"" asked: Is he really a believer, not a source of happiness for sharing?
　　"Chaotic release: It turns out that you are also ＾wordofgod￣.
　　〃〃嚏今岻檀: Gehua, thank you for putting that gold new era, the master I want to play this, please let this be a life road master you are the best.
　　"Worship the yellow clothes to teach the Lord: Sealed you wrong, seeing the gym is subconsciously sealed.
　　〃〃Chaotic release: It seems that there is no seal.
　　Unless you can get all these neuropathies in, you have to let them have a place to vent, otherwise it will become an unstable factor.
　　
　　109, evilpace: Ah ah, your god stick is still alive.
　　〃Ikisugii: Ah, gym.
　　〃〃bb89b: Ge God anchor, this tone is too much like.
　　Dong of the right: There is a saying how to say, if there is a kind of teaching in the world that people must believe in him, then nine out of ten is a cult. Can religion still sell on the door? Just like advertising KFC chicken wings?
　　〃〃徴淵至粁送: true and false saints, there are true saints, Ge Yimin is a soil peasant, free to confuse, with a sow to think of the sun, self-confessed gods want to day.
　　
　　110. Anecdote of the 5th Military Camp of Daming: Why should one discuss the Marxist-Leninist post?
　　Was it captured by a group of religious believers and those who did not understand Marxism?
　　"Ge Hua: Because Ge is a contemporary Christian communism.
　　"The Da Mingwu Military Camp Anecdote: The basic point of Marxism, material determines consciousness, the world is a unified material world, and religion of any nature belongs to objective idealism."
　　"" recommended ointment: is a god stick liar how there are so many ** believe.
　　"Where is the family?: I don't know, maybe they pin their hopes on the sky, hoping to get God's salvation. However, it was deceived by someone who had no use, but the lie always broke. I hope that one day, a clear world will emerge, and a good heart will shine.
　　"" recommended ointment: They are very miserable? I don't think it's quite jumpy. Some can point to the mountains. Hahaha just wants to get something for nothing.
　　"Where is the home?: Maybe, there are many types."
　　
　　111, I love to eat Mai Lisu: Ge Shen, oh God, God.
　　〃薮杏喘薩_7P19Q2E: Self-proclaimed, busy, and happy.
　　"" harlequin kiss: Why are there cultists posting here?
　　"I drive Mercedes to hit your heart: the sacred light."
　　〃〃仔事zcc: I am the prophet of God, and I will not speak on behalf of God casually; you do not believe in Jesus at all, but nicknamed "requesting God to answer the world", is this imitating Ge Yizhen?
　　"Restore true Christianity: Satan, retreat! There is a risk of being tied in the face of this saint.
　　"" The rainy sea is sorrowful: Yes, Xin Ge has eternal life, I have been brainwashed by your subconscious mind.
　　
　　112, Dalun Mingwang: This is not Ge God.
　　Anonymous: Be a good person, and do more good deeds than everything else, don't just have fame and fortune in the eyes, fake and shoddy also want to enter the kingdom of heaven? ? Don't blame God for being ruthless.
　　〃〃zxjs95126: Worth exploring.
　　"MagnaS: How come even Geshen came out."
　　Samurai, is this the next inspirational invention?
　　"" SD three countries pass Jia Wei: robot.
　　"Fifty-seventh element: Brother, you are nervous.
　　"" Soviet Red Guards: Ge Min also heart: ai will not hesitate, will not defeat!
　　〃Black Ying Yu Yu: He will come over and open the robot to placard.
　　〃〃廉坩紡弊順: Samurai + Gymnasium = Budokan (name reasoning).
　　"SD Three Kingdoms Jia Jia: Does the gym of the gym have a very high-level algorithm, which is detected, and the keyword that has been mentioned will come over."
　　"" North Zhejiang upgrade people: advanced algorithm. [〜] Search all. ‐〔／
　　
　　113, charcoal has been fired: Ge God, you are the philosophy of being disgusted.
　　"A-class mate cavalry: Ge ＾wordofgod￣ was stoned by the Pharisees, please.
　　"The" is better than that of the emperor: he has been certified.
　　"The unrepentant Conmi: What is said."
　　Only by realizing communism and sharing the means of production can we eliminate all dictators, exploiters, parasites, all kinds of ghosts and zombies, all reactionary teenagers!
　　〃〃薮杏喘薩_QVNECD9: I am going, brother, this is the famous Ge Da Shen, you do not know its history?
　　"The unrepentant Conmi: Ge God...
　　〃〃仔事zcc: Ge Yizhen said that he was used by people, and he was pitiful.
　　It seems that there may be any conspiracy behind it...
　　Where did the power of Ge Yizhen¨s explosion come from? How to entangle so many trumpet, fans?
　　Reply Play in a funny dog: Look at your tone, you are also a half fan of Ge Yizhen...
　　
　　114, paste the user _5a8K47P: the god communism, this system
　　Only after the demise of mankind can the next civilization be carried.
　　Human beings can't do it, and it will be destroyed. Unless the world makes a good will, the last robbery can only pass safely.
　　"Gehua: Now "two big."
　　〃〃薮杏喘薩_5a8K47P: Do you want to eat a big pot of rice?
　　Not everyone is a Confucius, and yin and yang are corresponding.
　　"Gehua: Everyone has their own good heart.
　　"" Chen Pingfei is a Christian: Why are so many people posting stickers?
　　"Restore true Christianity: I don't fully agree with this statement from your friend.
　　But you must be very sure that you are the identification of a patient with severe depression who is surnamed Ge.
　　"" The rain of the sea: Ge God, why do you have you.
　　
　　115, yellow disaster zcc: I reported that Ge Yizhen burst into the post
　　There is a sentence in the inside that has not been deleted:
　　"I oppose 360: the system to delete the stickers is Baidu's default (degrees of Wang received a lot of evil teaching money to protect them).
　　---------------------------
　　1- Baidu folk slang system has little relationship with the party state
　　2- Closer to various cults and esoteric religions
　　Unfortunately, I have not seen a post about this topic.
　　Hope that the majority of users recommend...
　　5 blocks a fan number? The person collecting money uses this number to promote the Ge? How long does it take for 5 dollars?
　　〃 Take one: Reasons for ban: Gemin pretends to be eternal S, which has a bad impact on society. Cults breed. Make S's reputation sweep. Caused a serious religious crisis.
　　〃〃互誌3: Is it the cult leader of the god?
　　He is making waves in a lot of things.
　　"After Xiaofeng's remnant month: Well, it is him, a person who can't get on the table."
　　乞乞
　　Do you see that there is a post today and it¨s so beautiful?
　　Thinking about this, is it faster?
　　I was dug by a cultist.
　　"" Rogue Universe: The civil society that the government invited.
　　Or the government has someone.
　　
　　116, Vulgar wiki: Ge Yimin entry, Holy Land tour
　　This page involves people who have visited this entry in person.
　　〃仔事zcc: Ge Yizhen, if you kneel down to Jesus, maybe save
　　The old man is screaming, and he is aiming for a thousand miles. The martyrs are young and strong.
　　Ge Yi's old man is older, and he is pitiful in this book. After the author has ordered it, he has begun to thank God for not letting him get cancer and being hit by a car.
　　If you are humble, kneel down to Jesus, first seek an open mind, and then ask God to touch the prophet to point him, and perhaps save.
　　Where is Ge Yi?
　　Where is it? Will it only be screened?
　　〃zyq19891124zyq: The Holy Lord Gemin thinks how we can guess. Do it yourself.
　　〃〃519239129: The evangelical gospel, false gospel.
　　"The blade will: The gossip: Anyone who has visited the website of the gods will be automatically recorded.
　　〃〃cxw881105: Who, no, no, no, oh, self-proclaimed holy, not afraid of death 1! ! !
　　
　　117, Huang Zhan zcc: Ge Chang is like Zhou Enlai, so I always wanted to be a spy
　　The result is crazy... I am crazy when I think I am handsome.
　　貧蘚: Ge Gang, advised or not to brush here! Nothing makes sense, the real purple powder is very powerful!
　　"" Lin Guanhai: This is always the first time to occupy the new, I am also served.
　　"The rain of the sea: Although Ge Da Shen is a little nervous, but I still admire him.
　　〃〃暢且令: No need to worry. . Ge Gang¨s also took the organization¨s salary, and the night pot was thrown away when it was used up. It won't be a long time from this day!
　　"Shao Leichao: I have never seen his ＾wordofgod￣s."
　　
　　118, Vulgar Wiki: On the day of April, due to the influence of Meng Meng, Ge Yimin was banned by the whole network.
　　Its name has been included in the sensitive words on the website such as Weibo, and none of the accounts survived. It enjoys the treatment of the national leaders for a moment, and the rankings far exceed other network philosophies.
　　〃￣dengyali1020: Does your classmates and friends never refute your opinion?
　　〃薮杏喘薩_5R5yNyW: What is the benefit, yes, yes, no, no.
　　"" The rain of the sea: I met Gehua adults! You are my idol! !
　　519239129: Spread the gospel of the ＾wordofgod￣s, false gospel.
　　
　　119, Purgatory Knight: Ge God, a member of the masses of melons said that your logic is clear
　　The inflammatory and propaganda tactics are stronger than these Christian gods, and have clear political and economic goals and self-knowledge; optimistic about God's efforts to become the second Hong Xiuquan, although it is impossible to recreate the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom, but at least can add some fun to this messy place.
　　_ Post Bar User _5RDVKC5: Hurry and repent of the Gospel.
　　Believe in Jesus for eternal life.
　　〃〃仔事zcc: Every day, the newspaper reported that Ge Yizhen burst, this workload is really small.
　　When is it a head?
　　〃〃暢且令: The vulgar cloud: the eyes are not bored, can understand that the eyes are not bothered, make it crazy, let it die!
　　〃Black Ying Yu Yu: Who is the bull and the Ge god?
　　〃〃: The authors of different worlds are really quick to beat who is the strongest.
　　Chen Pingfei is a Christian: This lady, if you don't want to go to hell, you must believe in the Lord Jesus Christ. Don't believe in the ghosts in the video.
　　〃〃忌略唔60: It would be even better if there was no group of Ge Yizhen¨s troubles!
　　
　　120, 297778487: Ge is the Son of God.
　　"BadMan116: More facts speak louder than words. This is true."
　　"I hope you will go all the way: Big Brother, I recommend you to read the novel "稿寔繁", whose teachings are weaker than him.
　　If you can give a thorough study of the story of the ancestors in The Real Man
　　Enough you are writing a book
　　Bring a "human ancestor"
　　At that time, you are the "reincarnation of the people"
　　What is higher than Gefu Street?
　　"Gehua: This is the name on the ＾wordofgod￣. The ＾wordofgod￣ is the book of faith.
　　〃〃Binghuoqingmu4: 20191001
　　〃Shao Baseao: Is it time for Ge Shen to show miracles?
　　〃〃Binghuoqingmu4: Read the ＾wordofgod￣s of the gods.
　　Ziwei Emperor: Is Ge Yimian happy for you?
　　
　　121. May you ride the light all the way: Isn't the faith book written by Ge Minmin?
　　Even the Bible is written by people.
　　If you are really out of God, are you still afraid to argue with me? Can your Ge Minmin be better than me?
　　"Zi Wei Da Di: A civilian talks about politics and builds a country.
　　The chairman is afraid that he does not agree.
　　Go back.
　　When the fantasy is broken, there will be no way back.
　　Read more about the chairman's literary renaissance theory, and the policy will inevitably bring about the complete defeat of the reactionaries.
　　〃〃6352523yw: Better than that kind of selfishness, no evil. However, I like to use old-fashioned arrogance.
　　"Ge god on dian shg: Ge Shenxian's dream is also broken.
　　122, White Night God: Ge God, 2019 nothing, nothing, I promise.
　　"The rain of the sea is fascinating: Ge Shen Zhida~
　　"Old" stubborn master: I hope that the Lord can manage it seriously, and resolutely put an end to people like Ge Yimin who post gibberish in the bar, otherwise this is not far from the ban.
　　"There is no chance to find the hidden person: Don't fool the dragon to pass on the IQ!" It¨s really his kind of doctrine, why are you born to be Chinese? ! How easy is it to directly invest in the West? ! Look at the viciousness, how can there be a shadow of civilization? ! The magic road is burning! Hahaha.
　　Anyone who acts against the sky....! Tian Xingjian! Topography Kun! Don't let the good times do the things of the South! A misstep into the ages to hate yourself! Kindly remind me hahaha.
　　
　　123, save the robin: 66 ＾wordofgod￣s, a nonsense!
　　It is imperative to annihilate Christ.
　　"Big ass: It is officially certified by Yanhong, not much to talk about!"
　　"The world's elegant thousand divisions: Ge Dou's age is enough to do the four major network philosophies.
　　〃兜-互幅褒晩潮: Ge Limin.
　　〃〃捗湘悟: Don't send the ＾wordofgod￣s here.
　　Xuzhou Xia Jianfu: Silly Hanging Hiding abroad is like a dead dog.
　　"" I love to eat Mai Lisu: Oh, my God, God.
　　Kaka: Listen to your old basket.
　　
　　124, more inexplicable than the user: A cult called Ge Yimin went into the brush.
　　"Lion Rhythm: How do you post this name?"
　　"" Small wooden fish stone: Ge God can not save himself. I can't get his light.
　　"A beautiful and strong bull: garbage white-collar workers all day.
　　"" dengyali1020: In the dream you have such a god?
　　"White Horse Knight: I have heard your name, but have not read the works of your system.
　　
　　125. Chen Pingfei is a Christian: Ge God, false Christ.
　　What do you want to die? If you continue to believe in God, you will die and die, and you will follow Ge God to hell.
　　"Recommended ointment: This silly crane has long been caught.
　　〃〃乞雑47 [Lin Sangui, male, born in 1969, Henan Hebi]
　　"攪繁協: His work is still missing a word: sick.
　　"" White Horse Knight: What is it like recently? Are you Ge Yimin himself?
　　Sam Samtari: Who is the person next to the gym?
　　See what he suddenly noticed when he was on the air.
　　〃〃z09876: The holy wife of the stadium god kana?
　　〃Jiangsu-Zhejiang Action Committee: Hu Chunfang.
　　
　　126, crossing me not to her: Ge Shengren has been in the mountains.
　　"Nature 1990: Didn't you say 2019 a few years ago?" Look at him.
　　"""Rabies: Ge God belongs to Baidu.
　　"Ou Mummy Mommy: The Lord, this person deliberately wants to seal the post!
　　"〃" I am a vest: I started to look at the title of the book, thinking it was a self-report of a mentally ill person. Later, I saw it.
　　"Always so silent: good work.
　　〃〃通滅: The Lord, please delete the post, this stuff spreads the cult.
　　
　　127, Lenin-of-stick: Gemin invasion
　　There are so many robots.
　　〃-shzy leisure: Thank you comrades.
　　"" Marley Astra: It is easy to delete the bar.
　　〃-shzy leisure: Ge God invades.
　　〃〃G_N_187: The surname of Ge¨s soil is a god-like stick. Are you a group of the most earthy soils to know? I caught you, and I have to cut off the dog's head.
　　"Playing in a funny dog: I am laughing at Xinge. Human beings think God is laughing."
　　128, playing in a funny dog: Ge Yongsheng? No self-awareness
　　A soybean seed posing as a bodhi tree?
　　Do you have a self-awareness? What about Yemei? Stupid things without self-awareness Soy.
　　"Angel Lin Biao: Your universe will only mean that you are going to die, die and die."
　　"The family of Jesus: There is only Jesus in this way. If you don't borrow Him, no one can go."
　　"楳表表: Hahaha, I also want to be brainwashed, but also want to try their brainwashing power!
　　"" The first citizen of the world: Ge is indeed a sin!
　　
　　129, Angel Lin Biao: You often blame God, saying that he is Ge ＾wordofgod￣.
　　Ge Yiming, still stick sensitive words.
　　Is Ge Yiming the husband of a woman who is a woman?
　　〃Yu Ye Jiao Mei: Ge Da Liar!
　　〃〃杏杏喘薩_7UtCAe3: Well, listen to your death, turn over and over, this sentence, Jesus can still stun the Bible, when God you get more.
　　〃G_N_187: Ask a friend about a question, about the recent see.
　　Why do you see the stickers of Ge XX in the old bar, and talk like a serious illness in a mental hospital, and no one responds. What a ghost thing.
　　
　　130, Angel Lin Biao: Ge Yiming is Qinglong, love robbery is white tiger
　　They are a pair of lovers.
　　Are you like a woman who loves to be a woman?
　　I am not a white tiger woman, a woman without hair is a witch.
　　"Poly fan: Ask, what is Ge God?
　　〃〃Western Yule: This is occupied by the cult, please take the responsibility of the Lord.
　　This is not far from being shut down.
　　〃Real solitary 13: Will Ge Shen 2019 be a god?
　　
　　131, Dalun Mingwang: Ge Shen, you analyze this is another wave of horse operation
　　Check the bottom? New trends in class struggle? This list focuses on whether Muji originated from the expansion of the secrets of the Second Education, the brainwashing of the brain and the penetration of the upper building. Has it become a potential hidden danger?
　　However, it is only a matter of mind and money for the two green lights that release the road. It is not a one-size-fits-all spear.
　　After all, the number of believers in the book can be much more than the public servants, and they are slightly more vigilant than the Dafa of the past. Ge God, you have integrated into the bone marrow, and claim to be an enemy, talk about your views.
　　"Ge Hua: Big, good, for my party, Kei is the only threat.
　　As you said, the release of the Tao has been disciplined and there is no threat.
　　Kei is the only threat. On the basis of the United States, Iraq is determined not to be.
　　The original democratic freedom, the Chinese are no longer needed.
　　"The war of the sickle hammer: A group of cults don't bother to stop here."
　　"Sunset brother: There is no illusory god in China, only our ancestors.
　　"" Longxi: This is a cultist who can report it.
　　"The ruthless world generals: garbage cults don't want to **.
　　〃〃右態頚某: How to teach?
　　
　　132, the birth of the world: Gehua, starting in 2012
　　You can stick to the vain things and really admire you.
　　How did you survive?
　　Not to mention raising a family, to support yourself, the most conservative one month is also 2,000 yuan!
　　"The ruthless generals in the world: don't make cult culture." God is actually a human being. It is highly kind. repent. Self-mutilation. Self-abuse. Your cult is less propagating your cult to our Orthodox samurai warriors. Our samurai letter understands the true God. You are the god of false gods completely for the power of XX. Roll it for the cult of money and woman B. Go to yourself and how to beautify people into gods. How to lie to women B and money to enjoy life in the name of God. A group of untouchables all day dream of establishing a cult to swindle money. Our warrior is the one who is truly closest to God. The warrior, the priest warrior, makes it clear to you these cultists.
　　
　　133, Zi Yankai: Gehua, if you are in this post again
　　Sending some messy things, I will call the Lord to blacken all your accounts! ! . . .
　　〃〃Pre-Day Comforter: Miscellaneous Zhou Chaochao and Ge Yizhen¨s group of three, should be thoroughly cleared out?
　　The Gesha coin and its shackles will be broken into the eternal hell, and will never be super-born, in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, Amen!
　　Go back to hell and praise your Ge big.
　　Chen Pingfei is a Christian: You should not pass this Ge God again, you will only go to hell with it.
　　
　　134, Gehua: Reply Purple 袒衂 open: ＾wordofgod￣s and remember the purple beauty name.
　　Purple beauty, brushing your posts, Gehua is contradictory.
　　"The birth of the world: you are very persistent!
　　Believe that this thing is the same as drug abuse, what if you are hooked up like drug use? Think about it!
　　〃〃乞雑: Isn't it the ＾wordofgod￣ charm?
　　
　　135, Da Ming wishes Zhou Yan: Who is the man?
　　Don't be stupid, friends are hired by Ge Shenhua!
　　A double sex!
　　He is just a small member of their organization gang!
　　His language attack is highly targeted!
　　It is to specialize in attacking the moon and Sanniang!
　　It's not a simple friend to play!
　　Those who like Moon and Sanniang, where are you dying?
　　Let such a perversion, insult your goddess here?
　　Men do your part, pigs and dogs are not as good!
　　Confronted with him, he was on his back. I dreamt last night, a small group of transgender people (the image of a female appearance is a person with Ge God and a saint next door).
　　The behind-the-scenes of the man have a deep connection with Ge God and the next-door saint.
　　"The cosmic orderer: The sandcoin can't stand the thing, and the original form is revealed. Haha God is your master. Since you have slandered the righteous party into your master Gesha, are you knowing the sauce? Now, the forces of the cosmic justice are like the Dapeng birds that have risen up to 90,000 miles by the wind, and you only have the last sinister dragon that hides the filth, and you don¨t repent, you have to brush the nasty stupid plot. I don¨t know if you don¨t know what the dead words are, don¨t you know how hard it is in the 18th floor of Hell? Since you are not repenting, go to hell and regret it. You are a group of spicy chicken.
　　〃〃匯庶秣眉弟: Of course, this shemale cult is pretending to be good and will eventually catch him. After all, evil will get a day when he should be there, and he will wait patiently for this disgusting demon!
　　
　　136, paste the user _QVNECD9: Ge Yi cult
　　Arguing me, bufu is coming.
　　come.
　　Stupid believers.
　　dog.
　　The criminal police came to remove the cult.
　　"Huaxia imperialism: so many levels of trumpet are exploding.
　　Now everyone needs help, Marxism-Leninism is on the verge of collapse, and the monks apply for it, and strive to eliminate the cancer. Ask everyone for help.
　　"" used to 952755: Liu Yifei dream, right.
　　""" threatened to coexist: Ge fart is still daydreaming.
　　〃kkstfu: This is a horror dream.
　　_ Post bar user _7bV45by: Ge Dashen has the ability to continue to send your ＾wordofgod￣ video?
　　Continue to pretend to be Mei Niang?
　　"" Trump: Please give me a saint by Ge Yimin.
　　
　　137, Salvation idlers -: Ge xmin what is the zf made out
　　If it is really a cult, it is so popular that it has been caught.
　　〃叫噴訳15供朕: The first thing, first delete the post.
　　In addition to Ge posted, I have not deleted any posts.
　　〃〃李埖册税: Go to the Geshen special website to check your paragraph is included.
　　〃dashagua11001: What is Ge Yizhen? ? ?
　　"The chaos of the world": the cult of the Ge to spread to the people. We are the aristocratic wizards.
　　Trouble with your cult to spread to your untouchables. You have come to the wrong place. This is the place where the sacred aristocratic samurai class is established. No one believes in your cult. Your cult belongs to the people. The witchcraft of our natural goddess is something of the Chinese aristocracy.
　　"why_ squandering life: Is this coming soon?" There is a bunch of Gemin. A bunch of neuropathy? Oh, it¨s not as good as scholars.
　　
　　138, 1w2q3r4e5y: Who is Ge Yizhen, who calls himself a saint
　　The people who often have water in this bar are also related to this person. It¨s not a good thing, it¨s good to deal with it early.
　　It turned out to be a cult leader, a guy who preached on the Internet. When the old nest was copied, he sent his men to come here. What Zhou said, what is Taiwan, it turned out to be a cultist, and he knew it. Report a report.
　　〃〃薮杏喘薩_QVNECD9: Actually Ge Yiming is my **
　　why? Because of the spread of cults, anti-dang anti-state people are my ** sons!
　　Brother Yi Ming shameless.
　　〃windyhyl1237: Zhou Yan is Ge 2.
　　I suspect that Zhou Yan is Ge's dog leg.
　　
　　139. A few mobile phone messages suspected of being personally admired by a song
　　1. The socialist countries are guided by the Marxist Mao Zedong Thought and Deng Xiaoping Theory. Can the song's basic values ??be incompatible with it? Of course not! This is a socialist country. The value of the song brother is of course a foresight. A new idea can be pursued, first of all to overthrow the old ideas. As a result, it is bound to involve war. Is it really necessary to celebrate the Third World War like Hitler? Ah! The ambition of Ge Ge can be really big, but the ending must be good? If you have 100% confidence, your sister will be extremely supportive! Promote the values ??of Song Yimin together.
　　2, song brother, Yimei always supports you, peace and harmony output your communist values. Perhaps, you can break the war of smoke that has traditionally changed the dynasty. Perhaps you can transcend the hundreds of families and form a new idea in the recent time. . . On a day of singing, we are in the air. . .
　　3, huh ~ Little Buddha is not a god, the little Buddha girl will eventually die. The song brother is the spokesperson of God, and God gives you eternal life. . . One day, Xiaofeimei will still leave you. So, the song brother wants the world to understand you, so that the world can believe in the people!
　　4, huh! I am an angel, the song of Song Yimin International. . .
　　5, Yimei understands that the song brother is the spokesperson of God, the song brother is in a thousand miles, the ideal of the song brother is to unify the international world, the song brother is the world, the righteous sister can not be selfish, and the song brother can read and understand. The heart of the sister, the sister of the right is known. There is a piece of heaven in the heart of the righteous sister, always remembering for the song. . .
　　
　　140, who is Yemei?
　　He is not Christian. Some people say that he is a cult. Does our national government determine that he is a cult?
　　"The Scourge 0230: One is called Ge Yimin. Founded. Let's pick out his followers' summary of him: Of course, because of faith in Christ. As long as Jesus is God and the Savior, it is all Christianity. Yes, and forever.
　　〃〃勳僣: 1, Ye Mei (noun origin):
　　The names of foreigners are translated by Shi Yunyemei, Yemenegen University, etc. The Chinese name Yemei starts from St. Yeme, and the Chinese online Yemei refers to St. Yemei and Yemei.
　　Holy: Holy Jesus: Jehovah, Jesus Mei: The last letter of Greece, OMEGA Omega.
　　The meaning of God's last messenger.
　　Jesus: "I am Russian and Mei."
　　2, St. Yemei: Internet Christian writer, male, 33 years old, Zhenjiang, Jiangsu, graduated from the Chinese Department of Nanjing University, Xinhua News Agency Zhenjiang Branch Center.
　　3, Ye Mei network (community): a comprehensive community based on Christianity, including blogs, the global ranking is quite high.
　　4, Ye Mei Su: Because of the yeah vision of Ye Mei, it is called the Sutra. The official website is the last updated version.
　　5, Jeremiah: Christian sect, because of the Vision of Yemei, the purpose of AGAPE (willing to be the center of others).
　　6, Ye Meiqun (QQ):
　　God group: 6329428
　　Yeme group: 3669765
　　Plum blossom group: 3952795
　　7. Plum: A person who acknowledges the Yemei Sutra.
　　
　　141. Shanjun: What is the relationship between Song Yimin and Yemei?
　　Is it heresy?
　　"Not discouraged: at least not orthodox."
　　"" jiajiashiwo: very obvious is heresy.
　　"watching: Heresy, the main books "Gongyi Minjing", "Gonghua Training", "Gym League Declaration" and so on.
　　I knew this heresy long ago, and brothers and sisters can search for it by themselves.
　　They are crazy on the Internet and have made a lot of blogs to promote.
　　The Antichrist is very colorful!
　　"Putin exile in France: It is obvious that Yemei has misinterpreted the meaning of defeating the Antichrist. The former section of the European Union. I think that is the current state of Yemei. The black man is confusing him and has not left.
　　In David's poem, there are scriptures describing his punishment. In fact, in the New Testament, these punishments are embodied in Jesus. The meaning of God is that the person who believes is in the Lord, but David does not claim to be God Jesus. Understand the mistakes.
　　142, clearly as the moon: He is God, you must believe in him. --"＾wordofgod￣".
　　〃123 years old: Ge. Yimin seems to have heard it.
　　"" Tibet Navy Governor: cult.
　　"Nuclear coexistence: There are so many people.
　　〃〃仔事zcc: Dongjo gang and Ge gang, posted two big black gangs.
　　Ediel: The snoring is a big death, unless it is called Jiang Yimin.
　　
　　143, smashed the mystery of a microphone: Ge Shen, Bolshevik special leather
　　This kind of harm to the people of the country is the life of the devil.
　　"Wake up: Don't cut off, why do sinful people break others?" be oneself.
　　〃〃-shzy leisurely: Recovering is stronger than Geshen¨s enthusiasm, isn¨t your horse sound coming back?
　　"EU Report: What is Ge God of the Fourth International?
　　〃〃-shzy leisure: God sticks.
　　"The dance of wind and fire: [initial plan] First, you need to clean up the post.
　　〃咸巒: First of all, [need to clean up the post], the essence of this is to clean the machine screen stickers.
　　"" Strong magnetic neutron star: First of all, [need to clean up the post], this must be.
　　
　　144. Hamidji Fighton War: What year do you want Jesus to come?
　　〃Atango proprietary: 20331126
　　"" Spiritual life ok: Reprimand in the name of Jesus Christ: Satan retreats! For Jesus Christ said: Matthew 24:36 "But that day, at that time, no one knows that even the angels of heaven do not know, and the Son does not know, but the Father knows.
　　〃Atango proprietary: Ge Shen knows that Ge God is the father.
　　
　　145. After the Xiaofeng Remnant Month: When I reported Ge, I officially gave it.
　　I have a list of cult determinations for me to find.
　　Ge's account is only the author's certification. As long as there are works and contract contracts under the name, Baidu is not responsible for these things.
　　The account has been permanently banned due to misinformation.
　　"Real solitaire 13: After all, even the porpoise can be certified by the company.
　　Baidu, what company netizens know, and even Ge, who has been digging graves, can be certified. Can you say that this efficiency is good?
　　Cults can be certified, and netizens have to hang out so that they don¨t be deceived,
　　Telling a joke with you, Ge, was circulated because of the cult, and his size was completely blocked by netizens who caught him and reported it to 12377.
　　A well-known cult post is a new era of gold. It is also blocked by Ge Ge¨s smuggling after the main top advertisement. It is necessary to mention that the official efficiency is really bad. Actually, the cult is necessary to fight against cults.
　　
　　146, dark net killing mother: Real hammer, a big Confucian and Ge is a group.
　　He topped the post advertisement.
　　This puts Ge¨s post on top of him.
　　"Leaves you are gone: Phoenix Nirvana ** Reborn. The fire of the stars can be a good thing.
　　
　　147, psychological induction: Ge teacher upgraded to be holy and king.
　　〃dashagua11001: How is it? Has he destroyed the bourgeoisie?
　　"" Vasily with: That Ge Moumou is a Сука, but we are all atheists who come to the cult believers, but I can still understand the disinfection.
　　Saying that Ge Moumou is a curse?
　　"The Spirit of the Beast: The Treatment of God." .
　　
　　148. Please ask Ayi to evaluate Ge Yimin.
　　Auntie: If you turn a short comic book like "Everyone is sick" into a text, it is almost him. I think this kind of person is purely the maker of some fragmented ideas created by the ecology of the Internet age. He doesn't pursue anything else, that is, to pursue these gleaming things like Logan Pearsall Smith's maxims.
　　
　　149, long time long: Religious problems are more convinced that Ge Yimin, Li Mozhi.
　　"" I am waiting for your love: Gelian alien fleet can not be mobilized, posted no one believes! I promised you to clean up the Ge team in the future.
　　"The ruthless world generals: What is the ge, but a cult."
　　Ge is coming to me to brush the sense of existence. Ge wants to think about horses and Christ XX his own cult. Let yourself be recognized by the bureaucrats and spread the cult.
　　"Pasca: I really don't know what he is doing."
　　"Survival and dignity: Communist Dongzheng metal.
　　Christian communism, and Ge Yimin have the same goal.
　　Ge¨s prophet has been gone for a long time. Isn¨t he still with Ye Xue?
　　
　　150, the world's most important website: As for this doomsday theory
　　It was the first time that Ge Yimin was published on the Internet in August 2001. However, he did not expect to be taken out of the matter in recent days. It may be because time is approaching, so many people have fascinated the people with bad thoughts, but the facts tell them that Such a theory is not credible.
　　But the earth is not without its end, because in accordance with the vandalism of human beings, sooner or later it will destroy itself.
　　Anatomy from the Son of God-----
　　The madman Ge Yimin is brazen and shameless. The gods are self-proclaimed. The common man is a dream. The day is a dream. The utter madness asserts the end of the day. The shameless person does not know the height of the earth. The ignorance of ignorance and ignorance of the human nature is not enough. The prodigy advertises the poet.
　　
　　151, thinker - label - celebrity resume
　　Ge Yimin: Internet religious thinker activist, Christian writer.
　　〃〃乞P What does it mean?
　　〃Anonymous user: Ge Yimin¨s nickname.
　　"" czg87123: Materialism theory plus a omnipotent god, this is not easy to say.
　　〃Scythe: Oh~ Great God!
　　〃〃AA798573: It¨s all fake, it¨s a mess, and it¨s just a gold deposit on your face. How can he be so powerful, the world¨s high hat, wears a price.
　　
　　152, the wind is not seen: Why do you often see this big god
　　Is it the descendant of Master Wang Lin.
　　〃zhuxiaofengyin: These "Ge organization" every post is a sneer taunting the saint, this is the truth, but also the measurement fee action!
　　〃〃The dance of wind and fire: Before the release of the bar rules, the posts of the illegal bar rules are only deleted and no ban, but except for the malicious competition during the campaign.
　　〃薮杏喘薩_QVNECD9: Corrective, you are called ＾wordofgod￣.
　　
　　153. Dance of Wind and Fire: [Special Treatment]
　　1. Any postal or newly-appeared Ge Post will be banned and deleted, no notification is required, and it can be notified as appropriate.
　　"Flaquimir: My God, Ge Yu Yu is still awkward."
　　〃〃-shzy leisure: Comrades, the gods have been expelled.
　　"Mao: Kill the ghosts and gods!"
　　Celestial celebration, happy big Ben.
　　Deklowski: Congratulations, recapture our position.
　　"EU Report: "窰", the Lord, delete the post about Ge God, ah ah ah ah.
　　〃〃Blind sniper: The song god is a joke.
　　"Mao: God stick, reactionary, counter-revolutionary, stupid. goods.
　　〃〃Blind Sniper: Is his robot posted?
　　"Mao: I don't know, anyway, a group of god stick accounts are arrogant everywhere.
　　〃〃-shzy leisure: Yes.
　　"Sima face: He is God, you must believe him (Chikuma).
　　"masshikimaci: We can go to the second international bar water gym stickers.
　　
　　154, II: "Ge Yimin" has become Xi Yuanping
　　These three words can't be registered now, and you are also registered with the title.
　　"Zi Ge spokesperson: Ge ＾wordofgod￣?
　　"God of the Kingdom of God": You have been banned by this bar, the reason for ban: propaganda Ge, propaganda cult, malicious irrigation or explosion, you can apply for recovery.
　　Digging potatoes 90: We are not interested in Ge Yimin, don't post here, the more you delete it, the more annoying.
　　"" Love is boundless: Do you keep Gedian New Year? Still not deleted.
　　Small Green Leaves 7: The Gospel is for him.
　　"" Love is boundless: Are you stupid? They are randomly generated small copy stickers, and they are posted, and the ghosts look at the reply. Do you evangelize your computer?
　　"Lei Heliudorf: It is a bit extreme not to be able to do this thing. It is not suitable for national conditions.
　　
　　155, malamic: Why do people suffer?
　　Because there is fate control
　　no freedom
　　Brain control
　　Painful?
　　After the creation of ZHU Ge Shen boarding
　　All gods must kneel down to pay homage.
　　
　　156, Zhang Jiayu Ren Kai: Support Ge Shen
　　The ＾wordofgod￣s of the letter are eternal.
　　II: Although we cannot understand the greatness of God, we can understand God by understanding Ge Yimin.
　　〃〃Su Bar Night Lights: The number of incidents in the Soviet Union to dig graves (mainly from Gejiao) has increased.
　　"I am God 111: What is Ghost?"
　　The red flag of the commune: gym.
　　〃Gang Yuhe|: Ge (god) yi people.
　　"" in your downstairs: the gym is coming again.
　　157, ten to send Ge Shen
　　One sent (Rig) Ge Shen (distribution) went down the mountain,
　　Autumn wind (Rig) drizzle (distribution) lingering,
　　The wild deer on the mountain (Rig) screams,
　　The tree (Rig) phoenix leaves are finished.
　　Ask a friend, Ge God!
　　When is the (Rig) man and horse (the support) back to the mountain.
　　Three (Rig) Ge Shen (Jianzhi) to Nashan,
　　On the mountain (Rig) Baogu (distribution) Jin Cancan,
　　Baogu seed (distribution) Ge Shen,
　　Baogu is awesome, we are poor,
　　Hold the Ge God hand Ge God tightly!
　　The seed that was sown (the branch) was red.
　　Wu Seng (Rig) Ge Shen (Jianzhi) passed the slope,
　　Hongyan (Rig) bursts into the air,
　　Hongyan (Rig) can write a letter,
　　Hongyan (Rig) flies to the ends of the earth.
　　Thousands of words 幺言 Ge God!
　　Yu Xin (Rig) said that many people (distributed) Ge Min said.
　　Seven Sentences (Rig) Ge Shen (Jianzhi) Wudoujiang,
　　Jiang Shang (Rig) ship children (distribution) are busy,
　　Qianjun Wanma (Jianzhi) Jiangpan Station,
　　Ten thousand people are tearful,
　　Kindness like the sea can not forget Ge God!
　　Ge Min succeeded (in the case of a branch) back home soon.
　　Jiu Ji Ge Shen Shang Avenue,
　　The children don¨t knock on the drums, the drums don¨t knock,
　　Both pairs (Rig) pull the long hand,
　　The heart is like (Rig) Huang Lian¨s face is laughing,
　　How can you forget the flesh and blood!
　　I hope (Rig) to pass the news early.
　　Ten Send (Rig) Ge Shen (Jianzhi) Wangyue Pavilion,
　　On the moon (Lige) pavilion (distribution), take the platform,
　　Taigao (Rig) Shizhang Baiyuzhu,
　　The dragon (Rig) painted the phoenix and put it on.
　　Looking forward to the night, I also want to know God!
　　This (Rig) name is called (Jianzhi) Wang Getai.
　　
　　158, the seven holy names of Ge Shen
　　One word: Ge
　　Two words: Ge Shen
　　Three words: Ge Yimin
　　Four words: Ge Yimin
　　Five words: Ge Yimin Christ
　　Six words: Ge Yimin, the savior
　　Seven words: Ge Yimin World Chairman
　　
　　159, long time long: What is the meaning of Ge Dashen alone ＾wordofgod￣?
　　"Gehua: We only need ＾wordofgod￣s and ＾wordofgod￣s."
　　〃〃Super nehcv123: What is the reason for this Geshen, why is there such a group of people in every holy place?
　　"Red Hair Big Bear -: (not Ge Gegy publicity) What are these people coming to? And they have a common concern in the left circle.
　　〃〃-shzy leisure: search for the left system by searching, and then organize the robot to repeat.
　　"Red Hair Big Bear": Very curious that their purpose is to be embarrassed, the left circle of people will not be affected by the truth, then they are expanding their influence?
　　〃〃-shzy leisure: Yes, expand the influence through unrestricted repetition.
　　"Red Hair Big Bear -: That's really smart. Going to the left circle to promote the god stick is not to find fault."
　　〃〃-shzy leisure: The robot is not afraid of ゛~
　　Jiang Ting LV: Because Ge God is contemporary Christian communism.
　　
　　160, the eternal revolution: What is the point, is it true that someone believes in gym?
　　〃-shzy leisure: There is enough to repeat the robot.
　　"Forever revolution: meaningless behavior.
　　〃Lenin---stick: Gehei is Gehua.
　　"" Italian Admiral: Ge Jiao is infested, and it will be processed quickly.
　　"Lenin---stick: ge teaches a bit crazy recently.
　　"" Marx Ghost Warrior: You should summon all the work.
　　
　　161, Da Ming wishes Zhou Yan: Stupid to friends who are not holy
　　Is this the saint of the earth?
　　What IQ?
　　1 You first think about your name (for example, Ge God)
　　2 Call the Holy Name The net name and the holy name are unified. (e.g. Ge God)
　　3 Tell your friends, you are a saint, and your friends are ants.
　　4 Don't post purple or crape myas. You are a saint, do you need to post your ass?
　　5 Stick it horizontally, ignore the ants' views.
　　"" 1992440: The problem is that this guy went to "Song Ling" and said that Ge had a conspiracy. I really don't know what the guy is doing.
　　"Zi Zikai: She is swaying in all kinds of saints every day! ! Just like your Gehua series! ! . .
　　"Adolf Agant: It is estimated that the network group is eyeing the TG system, a group of robots posted a screen.
　　〃Enterprise-class aircraft carrier: What happened?
　　What is this person coming to?
　　
　　162, Zhejiang North upgrade people: Ge Yimin is everywhere.
　　〃爺沓: Recruitment management services. Focus on cleaning up, 1. Ge... Also...min and other posts, as long as you see the relevant words, seal, delete. !
　　〃〃從袒衂蝕: She (Dao Fengchuan) also used your Gehua series as a chess piece to suppress other female friends who she considered to be potential competitors! ! They are ruined and smashed everywhere. They are Gehua, and they are extremely bad! ! . . .
　　This attitude of your Gehua series will only make her more arrogant and do whatever she wants! ! . . .
　　Also, the manufacture of this confusion is non-black and white karma, can you afford the Gehua series! ! . . .
　　
　　163, cjjgjhh: Ge Shenzhida
　　"Second World: The sacred gods and reds do not hesitate to tidy up the whole olive to prevent Ge God from starting.
　　Baidu found that the words "Ge Yimin" are illegal, and all accounts containing these three words have been sealed forever.
　　"" Love the Little Sheep: What is his work called? It seems that there is a small word "ill", what is it called together?
　　"Gehua: You don't believe in ＾wordofgod￣s, and you don't want to die. We are very embarrassed.
　　Upgraded version: Your mother doesn't believe in ＾wordofgod￣s and refuses to die. We are very embarrassed.
　　
　　164, pi0419_: Ge is also the creator of the genius, purple for.
　　"" Fat is not fat sky: still understand these things.
　　〃Swallowing: How much did the government give you? So black.
　　"Ten steps to kill one 2: Comrade, pay attention to the format.
　　〃〃犠敬喞痩媾輿: This is gym.
　　"Ten steps to kill one 2: What does the purple rose he made?" can not read it?
　　What does gym mean?
　　"" Miracle Yang: Can't you see such a standard Ge teacher?
　　"Ten steps to kill a 2: I haven't read the post for a long time. When is Gepai popular?"
　　"" Miracle of Yang: ... What is popular, *** is the water army of Ge.
　　〃People fly on the 勗Wo: When is the sage of the sacred purple sage? Advise you to hold Gatry with a tribute of 3,000 people.
　　
　　165, cjjgjhh: Ge Yizhen is a god
　　"" too purple wind: brush Ge also smashed, are Ge Yizhen's care, directly deleted.
　　"Southern Wind Back: You are reading the ＾wordofgod￣s of the people, is it better to be harmed?" Such people should be banned!
　　"" too purple wind: Mom, Ge Yizheng ghosts are not scattered!
　　〃NERVGEARt_: Your whole family is teaching shoes, and they are not willing to burn. We are also very embarrassed.
　　
　　166, cjjgjhh: How to become a believer in Ge Sheng?
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: Although the small pigeons fly far, but the flight is not high, there is a world of difference from God.
　　〃爺沓: You manage the business, Ge and other posts, see the words that are sealed, deleted.
　　Have you done it?
　　
　　167, Fire Dexing Jun: Ge God, I see you this skeleton bones
　　It must be the man who has predicted the legends of the legends. In the future, he will build a kingdom of the world, sweeping the world, and leading the world to lead everyone to Datong to open a new era of humanity.
　　Lizard Man: Only Ge God is the only ＾wordofgod￣.
　　"" on the road to success: it makes sense.
　　"" Jiang Ziya's teeth: It is said that self-styled non-holy, true holy is not greedy.
　　Time will verify everything, Xiaoge is fake.
　　
　　168, cjjgjhh: Long live Ge Yizhen
　　〃〃[Visitor]: "＾wordofgod￣", too grass,
　　"Daiyuan netizens: All Christians reviled this person.
　　〃〃班13: Christian communism is too grassy, ??left-handed irritated,,,
　　"Gui Ziya's teeth: Blowing the country.
　　〃〃Yiju Xiangyang: Jiezi uses parentheses, creating a comma with three points, Ge God speaks with a prefix, Wang Keren has a [communication end] suffix, and Netzhe seems to have its own distinctive language habits.
　　"Da Lun Ming Wang: You came to me right, I have a Ge God to learn from you.
　　〃〃Yinyang Lingdi: No way! In a proper way, Taiwan¨s Ge God has already gone to heaven and became the head of the world. Has he become?
　　He became a neuropathy!
　　Can a group of guys who are designed in the bureau be awake?
　　What did you see?
　　
　　169, watching American TV every day: "Ge" teaches attention!
　　In this post, messing up posts, will be directly pulled into the blacklist!
　　Please think about it and post it again!
　　Similar to that kind of change, to post the name of Gejiao with the post of Gegejiao, don't be stupid! Nothing new!
　　〃〃検鯖腹弊: Is the sect attacking?
　　"Looking at the American TV series every day: The cult of Baidu Ge's surname.
　　〃〃検鯖腹弊: Is Ge Yizhen the person?
　　The first time I thought of it was Billy Graham.
　　"Tihai real person: He is not a god. He hopes that he has self-knowledge. It is not ruined to pretend to be a god and is angered by God's heavenly court and plagues the whole family."
　　
　　170, the year of Jiang Ziya: Xiaoge crazy powder, rational for '
　　Blowing the country.
　　Against cults.
　　Rational science.
　　Dong Qingyi: Ge fart is a ball. .
　　〃〃殆弼直歙: My God still has this stuff.
　　〃2007chunlu55: If you can't tell the truth theory, you will be king, ＾wordofgod￣, and embarrassed.
　　〃〃乞雑: The ＾wordofgod￣ is 500,000 words.
　　慍 1980 1980: I am waiting for October 1 to see what Ge Daxian has. Don't find any excuses at the time.
　　"The real single person 13: This barbaric system says that my head nickname is illegal, and it is difficult for Yang Fan to become a sensitive word as well as Barbaria.
　　
　　171, Dalun Mingwang: Not to mention, Ge Shen is stronger than scholars.
　　〃b mine bep: multiple posters of cults appear to be recommended for ban.
　　〃〃Pre-hospital Comforter: The Geshaco team has begun to flood again. Is this group of people a person ( ?へ ?)
　　Source consciousness: I can understand that Lao Ge is invincible.
　　"" "I don't know how to spend her: Ge ＾wordofgod￣s also reveal the demon ghosts, and they have been vulnerable to the sacred madness in the past ten years!
　　〃薮杏喘薩_5NQMZXU: I don¨t know if China is cracking down on cults recently? If you catch it, you will be jailed. Do you want to die?
　　
　　172, Shui Ling 138: Ge God, people compare with God, I do not know the sky is thick!
　　"" Ministry of Internal Affairs - Guards: The landlord spreads superstition, hopes to delete posts as soon as possible.
　　The landlord may want to explode.
　　"Shanyanggong: The cultists have come here."
　　〃￣碕谷寄俑-: Comrades, the cult has begun to publicize unscrupulously in me, we must take action.
　　Lenin---stick: deleted.
　　〃〃-shzy leisure: rest assured, we will deal with ~
　　"Red Hair Big Bear -: If you can shield them, it will be very hard to delete them every time.
　　
　　173, ghosts and madmen: Ge God, look at the big pot of rice, is the foresight of the car.
　　Also share wealth sharing? Read more books.
　　〃2007chunlu55: He has not suffered from starvation, but he has suffered from neurosis.
　　〃〃sunyangwudi: If you eat too much, you want to taste the taste of hunger. The landlord has a tendency to abuse himself.
　　This theory is familiar, and instantly reminds Cuba, North Korea, Cambodia, Vietnam and a country.
　　"Gehua: Today, the 18th (National Large-scale Production and Internet Revolution) of the ＾wordofgod￣, the realization of Ge Yishenism, the realization of the communist society, the material conditions are already in place, and only the spiritual conditions are available, that is, the human soul is renewed. The evangelist evangelism spreads all over the world and is accepted by human beings.
　　
　　174, autumn rain and night are distinct: Ge God, do you inherit Jesus and Moses? what are you?
　　Jesus and Moses are the great saints who witnessed and led an era. Their sects have been passed down to the present day, and you have come to inherit them, and you have a mouth. Do not believe that your ＾wordofgod￣s curse people to die? Demon and ghosts come to demon to confuse the public, can't mix in other bars to harm the apocalypse?
　　remember! Here is not the place where you are going to relax!
　　"Gehua: Ge Yizhen is two layers higher than God, three layers higher than humans. "God": Ge Yimian created the Creator, the Creator created God, and God created Man.
　　""angelabaDAy: How do you know that he is talking about 2019?
　　"tubeCC: It is no objection to be rich and not to be rude. Who is Ge Yiming?
　　
　　175, Shui Ling 138: Ge Hua, ignorant, respect for the big
　　This is a cult that runs counter to the Bible.
　　"Zi Wei Sheng Lian: It will be Datong.
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: The big liar, your theory can't live forever.
　　I don't accept it because your theory can't live forever.
　　〃Red Blade 123: Can be aligned with Switzerland.
　　〃〃檀握弌剪: I have two mobile phones to establish two accounts are the same name to Baidu report does not seem to respond, I feel like I do not know whether it is income, and the cult organization has no way to solve the bribe. The Internet is like this, human beings die.
　　
　　176, cjjgjhh: I don't believe in ＾wordofgod￣s, and I don't want to die. You are very embarrassed.
　　Xin Ge also won the eternal life!
　　〃〃windyhyl1237: It¨s quite you.
　　Xu Yumei 123456: God gods.
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: Do not understand the heavens and ＾wordofgod￣s, it is sick.
　　〃XEQZGFRUMLK: There are too many women in the scourge, and there should be severe prostatitis. Isn¨t this a woman in the novel?
　　""" dasfggh2001: What is the name of Ge, it should be promoted cult to Guanzhong.
　　What do you guys say about the Ziwei sage is almost to be rebuilt.
　　Just because you want to be the master? Don¨t be funny.
　　"The red string under the bell: Ge Shen stick.
　　
　　177, Siegfried: Satan has been very active, and looks like the last time I went to see it.
　　There is also a new shoe to teach in that mission, it seems to be called Ge Yimin? It is said that I wrote a ＾wordofgod￣. I thought it was a joke. It was really true.
　　茯 茯 :: Right to the right to see a group of people who are engaged in the surname of the East.... It turned out to be new shoes to teach ah ha ha ha ha ha ha.
　　"Another one was brought in, refer to Ge Yimin! Don't go into the fire...
　　"" Empire Renaissance: I doubt if there is such a person?
　　"Outdated users: Ge Hua really do not know how to write dead words.
　　178, psychological war master: the original gym flower, not all robots
　　Still with me. Unexpected.
　　〃Day fly ghost battlefield: You discovered it.
　　"" Soviet level - loyalty: gym is awkward.
　　The red flag of the commune: What do they care about, really gym?
　　"The Vatican University: He asked for the water army."
　　"" The song of ice fire: Ge Shen Gao God second floor, what stuff?
　　〃 Total _: gcism is the cancer of the world.
　　〃〃_川匆易: Ge ??Dolphin, kill it! (It refers to the pufferfish).
　　"Looking at American TV every day: It's about the same as news, and the pursuit is lively.
　　〃〃竿今寔繁: Then you let Ge come out and take a look at the effect.
　　
　　179, cjjgjhh: Ge Yizhen
　　Ge Yizhen
　　〃薮杏喘薩_5NQMZXU: If you want to join, you are afraid of mistakenly coming in compatriots who come in, and lead them to no return. Say, if you are a liar, let me feel that I am a person who is unfair to others. What do you say I should say?
　　"" Kong Yi has: From now on, I have seen "Ge Yimin" and I will delete it once.
　　Digging potatoes 90: Destroy Ge Yimin.
　　〃〃cjjgjhh:gym!
　　Lintang Ferry: In a word, the world's religious revival, a little meaning! The new cultural trend is not like this! Culture is still doing well in the United States, and it is necessary to introduce some talents!
　　
　　180, the last day of burial soul: Ge God, I know that you are three layers higher than humans.
　　Try to be close to me.
　　I really enjoy this kind of game.
　　"Ge god shangdianshg: Ge Yimin is old and has no money. Every day, I want to make the Ziwei sage rule the whole universe and laugh at the big teeth."
　　〃〃玲永梧固: Its apprentice Hu Jianjun was arrested.
　　"Dao Fengchuan: Ge Yimin, I think you should change your faith. You look at the United States. Beliefs believe in arrogance, do whatever you want, pick and leave, and disrupt the world." As a Chinese, you should believe in Chinese culture, promote Chinese culture, and promote peace.
　　Also, I really don't agree with the set of screens you want, I hope you can change it.
　　
　　181, psychological war master: I am 4 layers higher than gym.
　　The lost scripture will come to your dream today.
　　朝朝半橿表-: I created Ge Yizhen (burst).
　　"" Ge Hua: You have no scripture support.
　　〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Gemin¨s fraudulent swindling and adultery was finally arrested, and it¨s useless to use fake names everywhere. This time, it¨s not in the novel to brag about how many women are better.
　　"" Watching American TV every day: They have to hit one or two every day. This is also good. Anyway, everyone will ban it and pull the blacklist. In addition, it just makes more people see their madness and "unbelievable."
　　
　　182. Mantra 21: How long has Ge God been born?
　　Why haven¨t you persuaded the United States and Western countries to return to China?
　　"Remembering the mind--: Sometimes I wonder if you are serious or joking.
　　"" Others: Where is Ge Shen now a god? What a terrible change in the body?
　　Dean: Don't do bad things.
　　"" kskkboy7: Look at the myths to see more, Zi Sheng has a set of theory to govern the country, do you have?
　　"The Spirit of the Alien: False, really purple micro will not reveal the true colors at all, and will not send out their own photos and videos.
　　"" dark954444: Silly hat! Let's talk about the specific social organization structure.
　　〃〃 Floating boy: The cult dog is getting out.
　　The red flag of the commune: Upstairs gym.
　　
　　183. Digging potatoes 90: Is God a human being created that year?
　　When was Ge Yimin born? The cart before the horse is upside down.
　　Defeat Ge Yimin.
　　For Ge Yimin, don't go too far, just treat him as Zhao Benshan, and you will be a big fool.
　　"Ge Hua: At first, Ge God created the Creator. . . .
　　"" hit the US, Canada and Australia: Ge Yimin is the line, here is called God.
　　"It's just an emotional breakdown: there are no strangers in the characteristic roads, but you want to preach, and it is a few times higher than the pass rate for the cpmember."
　　
　　184, srtdtd7: How many numbers did you have in Lao Ge?
　　This is an endless number, and the death of the title - haha.
　　〃a53113711: Online said - he has a cerebral thrombosis, listen to him teach everyone 炊 basket?
　　〃〃Aa00912: They are patients with severe neurosis, and Ge forced to sit and be transformed! ! ! It is a zf running dog. . . Haven't you seen them arrogant for so many years? ? It is because there is a backing! ! !
　　Dong Qingyi: You wicked people, go to hell sooner or later.
　　〃〃The Spirit of the Alien: Ge is fake, don't believe it.
　　Lizard Man: Zi Sheng can't come out, Ge God is pressing him.
　　
　　185, the spirit of the alien: Ge God, waiting for you until October 1
　　Then let you really destroy your false god and break your so-called Jesus Christ.
　　Earthquakes and floods will drown your hometown where the false gods are located. Natural disasters and man-made disasters will severely punish your false gods and all believers.
　　Dong Qingyi: Nonsense, he will go to hell after death.
　　"Sin servant: In the name of the Lord, you will go to hell, Amen!"
　　"The Mantra 21: Who reads the ＾wordofgod￣s and the ＾wordofgod￣s? The beds in the world are ready. The doctor is armed and waiting for twenty-four hours.
　　"Secret data: In fact, you are quite wrong. The cross will be completely destroyed.
　　〃2: He has heard who is loyal, who is sinful, and the retribution comes with it. No one can be spared, good and evil, farewell.
　　
　　186, srtdtd7: Ge Shen, although I have not seen your embarrassing things
　　But I admire your persistence and courage. If the deity is crazy, you will be fine--haha.
　　〃音音痩供: This anti-social scum, is also qualified to talk about GCZY? This is clearly discredited.
　　〃〃匯臭敢邦 alt: life, mouth.
　　"Nuclear coexistence: lying in the trough, but also created the creator. Can you point your face?
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: I want to laugh when I see the immigrants¨ preaching.
　　_ Post User _5VSGUMU: Jesus does not have such a big skill, only the Chinese god can lead everyone into the world. Gehua, you are nothing, you say that God wants to find you.
　　
　　187, Xu Xiangguo: Ge Shen, can you tell me what kind of paradise is!
　　You created the Creator, how did you create it? Where is the boundary of the universe, how he evolved, and where did you come from?
　　"Gehua: The paradise on earth is the communist society. Ge God has its own forever. The boundary of the universe is non-cosmic. The spiritual world opposite to the material, that is, the heaven and the hell we often say, are not in the same space as the universe. Only wisdom can recognize its existence). Ge Shen care.
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: Can't live for a long time, it still has to fall down a thousand layers. Is this philosophical question still unclear?
　　￣judgeone_: Be careful. . The country is working. .
　　
　　188, the red flag of the commune: gym
　　〃Special Forces 079: After the hard work began to reverse.
　　￣ Disaster black rainbow: people tease.
　　"" "Move the wisdom: Liu Yifei disappeared.
　　"michael04160: You should go to the younger to send these adults. It is estimated to be a joke."
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: The day after tomorrow is not long-lived.
　　Longevity is so easy to open the universe to joke! ! !
　　"Nuclear coexistence: Ge fart is blowing again ***
　　"" Others: What kind of shocking changes have occurred in the body of Ge Dacheng?
　　Xu Xiangguo: The trumpet is quite a lot. Your words are the same as not saying. I advise you to still have less daydreaming, so as not to hurt yourself.
　　
　　189,2309321265t: Is this a person named Ge Yimin?
　　Promote his religious ideas.
　　"Failed victory: Yes.
　　〃〃2309321265t: This guy I looked at, there is a trumpet, called geyimingod, seems to be propaganda Christianity, actually a cult, in many bars still posting, have been shackled or expelled. . . . .
　　"" Others: Ge Shenweiwu! Worship ing!
　　"wsthse: My God is still using Ma Zhe to explain the world. Productivity production relations, chaos everywhere.
　　〃〃表今将冷圻崗: Later, Ge Yimin and his flower were born. These things crowded out the old people who had come from the end of the world.
　　"Sorren: You are a Ge Yi, you are a good person, you can speak people.
　　Most of the international bars have become the spoilers of Ge Yizheng, and the Soviet Union has already prepared for the international dust.
　　190, Flown54: Geshen means the monarchy of the world.
　　〃叫噴訳15供朕: Lao Ge was sentenced, and sentenced to 7 years in 2012, the calculation of the day, almost out of prison.
　　"" Watching American TV every day: Is it?
　　"澑舞宀: The ＾wordofgod￣s are not necessarily neuropathy, and the ＾wordofgod￣s must not be neuropathy.
　　"" Fu Xia Nuo: Do ??not marry me, I can know him, he is not a saint, is a small apprentice.
　　Aa00912: You believe in anger, what is not dead? ? ? Explain that you are not convinced! The dead will not reply to the information! !
　　
　　191, 2007chunlu55: The ＾wordofgod￣ is the theory of acquired nature without energy
　　Can't live forever, can't last long, this is also the way of heaven.
　　"澑舞宀: It is indeed arrogant, and people who have always overestimated their own lives will die very badly.
　　"Cossacks: Internet cults, everyone is scattered, hope to deal with it as soon as possible.
　　〃Vertical landing hh: Promote cults.
　　"" Tushan CEO: Just a cultist? Come here?
　　Purple micro saint?
　　Scared.
　　〃Masquerade Night: Altman Buddha is also a 10,000-story high.
　　
　　192, 2007chunlu55: Ge and prophecy do not touch
　　There is no such thing as a literati who can write.
　　Still good at it!
　　High three floors, empty brand.
　　You are too evil to say this, ignore you!
　　Waiting for the trial.
　　"Wan Shizheng Rongguang: The Bible is the strongest fictional storybook in human writing, and all people are surrendered to human fiction."
　　emperor.
　　"" Li is hard to work: the Lord is such a false god, the ghost will believe.
　　
　　193, Wan Gu Tian Shu: Ge Shen actually said that he said his mission
　　So it is true that you think it is a god. After all, God¨s achievements have brought thousands of people in the process... but these people are self-righteous.
　　It is. His fault is that he is wrong with God, but he does not know that the true God is alive.
　　"Little wood fish stone: 20191001 What events are marked? It¨s been a few days.
　　〃〃乞雑: 撹舞.
　　"Ginger with leaves: He is dry."
　　〃〃乞雑: Write ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　〃 Kunwu hang: I am thinking about what you can use to worship the sky.
　　"" Xinzhuang head snake: the cult reported.
　　Observer 1937: Someone is engaged in cults.
　　"" The dry fish crossed the river to cry: @遍脅利少@逐剩利少嗤舒縮.
　　"The legacy of Chu Feng: @_易脂百" The cult organization came.
　　
　　194. Temple Comforter: Guess if October 1st
　　Ge Ge can't climb the high platform it says, open the door, let the messy people walk in, what kind of lies should the group use to comfort themselves?
　　October 1st, if you can't see your Ge Dawang showing power, do you want to hang?
　　"" Xiangzi: Move your pig brain to think about it, is it so crazy? The power behind it is so big that you can't imagine it.
　　"爺2727: Everyone says Ziwei, Jesus is not qualified!"
　　"" Watching American TV every day: Let everyone see how they are nervous every day. It is better for them to contribute to the cults. Let more people know that cults are not far from us. Be careful, don't be fooled by others. Go in the ditch.
　　Xu Xiangguo: Yes! It¨s not far from the end.
　　
　　195, Dog House Love Garden: What does this feel like virus bacteria?
　　Intentional or unintentional. Is it **?
　　Is it intentional?
　　Xiangzi: Absolutely.
　　And there is a clear and targeted, no organization, impossible.
　　〃〃President of the Temple: On October 1st, your Ge God will board the high platform, open a door, and let you in. Time is coming, if you can't show great miracles that day, do you want to hang yourself?
　　〃Swallowing: He does not die after one hundred years, and naturally someone believes.
　　"" Xiaozhu of the Mountain: "Gehua Book", is this waiting for the seal? Queen, noble, 纎, 翩, promise, often, eunuch,,,
　　
　　196, 2007chunlu55: Ge God, you have no longevity theory, etc.
　　Can I listen to you for a long time?
　　〃Yu Genqiang-New Taoism: Ge Shen, the specific way to achieve?
　　Not shouting slogans.
　　〃〃薮杏喘薩_QtXPtME: Ge Shen v587
　　"Sunshine up the teenager: there is actually a small 犇.
　　"" soul returned to the hometown: you are out. When I wrote it here, is it out?
　　"sunyangwudi: and Zhang Guotang, who claimed to be the reincarnation of the Savior, is a shackle.
　　〃〃Return of the heart: They never go to the atheism-related stickers, and the Christian Post is the focus of their confusion.
　　I think they are behind the scenes of the atheism organization, in order to destroy the atmosphere of religious beliefs and make people lose confidence.
　　The means are very despicable.
　　"Dog House Loves the Garden: If it is a conspiracy, it will reflect the light and uprightness of Christianity.
　　"Guihua: Gehua fights in four categories: Ziwei saint, Christianity, communism, and network philosophy."
　　
　　197, the soul of the hometown: Ge God, have been drinking for a few years, still can not, waste.
　　"" "Move the wisdom: You are doing well to show your true use of your fake Ziwei! And be a good person, you can become a Buddha in the future!
　　It is best to be the right one!
　　The return of the heart: It is absolutely organized, deliberately disgusting religious beliefs.
　　"c63: Kill your cult and kill the sacrifice to the day."
　　〃〃Merson 2020:
　　(1) Today's era is an era in which grassroots culture and elite culture coexist. Masters are everywhere, and no savior-style characters are needed.
　　(2) It is very tired to be a celebrity, a master, or an expert. The drawback of the role model is that when you have to bear the corresponding responsibility for everyone, you will be forced to be perfected by them. Even if you are not, you will have to install it. If you refuse to give it, sorry, they will instantly put it You knock down and then re-establish another idol. Behind the "Celebrity Tears" is the flaw of your mortal being completely revealed in the eyes of everyone, and you must not suffer from your own autonomy. If you don't have this mental preparation, I advise you to be yourself.
　　198. God's pagan: I really want to know what the man named Ge Yizhen did?
　　Why are so many people ridiculing him.
　　"sunyangwudi: It is more serious than Hong Xiu, but there is no Hong Xiuquan's ability and opportunity.
　　"" The return of the heart: the end of this kind of person is sad.
　　Ediel: Net Zhe and network teacher,, all day, I don¨t know whether it¨s a water army or a believer or my own trumpet. I¨m a god, ＾You have to listen to him￣, what. In fact, I always feel that he does not seem to have a few believers... it is very angry.
　　"God's pagan: Oh, I know."
　　"c63: Reading the ＾wordofgod￣s is very image.
　　Right, read the ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　〃〃乞雑: Now the material is rich, just uneven.
　　Therefore, we can only pursue material.
　　
　　199, never want to grow up: Ge Shen was sentenced to 7 years in 2012
　　You don't know? I am going to be released from prison soon.
　　Ediel: ? what's the situation.
　　"" Never want to grow up: He promoted cults and was sentenced to jealousy.
　　Ediel: Then he obviously is either out of prison or has an accomplice.
　　"" Dog House Love Garden: Just missionary?
　　"The Gate of Heaven 0: Hong Xiuquan!
　　〃〃甑助516: Ge Shen is the messenger around the purple brother.
　　〃 popular in 1985: Can cure all diseases? Can you cure people?
　　
　　200, catch a food: Who can tell me what stuff
　　What is it, I have already seen this item in N stickers, and even the game is not missed.
　　I can see the goods in which of them, including the game of DNF priesthood.
　　〃〃匯-School: Ge has been said to be some of the strongest network philosophers.
　　I am a poor man.
　　〃cjjgjhh: The day is annihilated by Ge Yizhen.
　　Retreat to save lives.
　　〃〃邦痩138: Anyone who claims to be a god is a cult.
　　"Gehua: What about Jesus?"
　　〃〃Capture a foodie: I created a teaching.
　　
　　201, meidailasi: Ge Shenchang¨s death and ugliness, the voice is hard to hear
　　What are the messy things that are not confusing? Such a guy actually claimed to be a god? Let me first ask if evolution is complete? Make people sick!
　　Long ugly is not your fault! But you jump out and disgusting people are yours wrong! Don't know if this world is looking at the face? ! By heart! Take care of the mirror! A face of gloomy pseudo-fraud! The five senses are not correct! Where is the confidence standing in front of people? ! It¨s really cold, he¨s ugly! ! Don't let him send videos everywhere! Pollution screen!
　　He was so cold that he suddenly came up with a ugly face, but scared the baby! He won't even record a video! Is it useful to record a video with a close-up shot? ! He, you are a big girl making a movie! Zoom in on half of the face to look like that, scare who? ! !
　　"2007chunlu55: The world saint, it is because this video burst, so it was sealed!
　　
　　202, pick up ten: Ge God, you will be a patient with a fantasy
　　Pray that the Lord has mercy on him.
　　It¨s really a group of people who have been brainwashed. They can¨t say that there is a gold content. They always repeat this sentence.
　　"2007chunlu55: I don't know "dao" to know God,
　　Just be a saint in the modern age.
　　If it is not Da Luo Jin Xiancheng,
　　Where are the saints falling into the dust?
　　"" has a dream ing: This layer of the main account for more than 8 years actually served for Ge?
　　"Mango non-staple food wholesale: should be shot, then everyone witnessed how the goods resurrected from the dead.
　　
　　203, Du Nima registered: Who is Ge.
　　Xu Xiangguo: Jesus rose from the dead, so people know that he is God. If you are willing to die and you can rise from the dead, we know that you are.
　　"Samuel Road G: Ge teaches the elements, it is recommended to kill."
　　"dark954444: That's how to make some foolish thoughts."
　　〃〃KGB Agent: Let the proletariat's sickle cut off these cows and ghosts.
　　銅銅触胆槌: 猖猖 What are these people?
　　〃〃The wood sword eight thousand: combined with the context, I presume that Ge Yimin is a prophet.
　　"The book is desperate: If you call God in China, you can play it yourself." Want to be universal? ! I want to know more (>_>).
　　
　　204, Cairen 13: Ge Yizhen is at least a person who has been on the square.
　　At least now, as the chief administrative officer, Biezi does not know where Zhengde is going.
　　〃SK惻PheniX: This has become a paradise for ＾paranoia￣.
　　Prophecy such as "Revelation", "Pushing Back to Retreat"
　　The previous "specialized research" spirit is gone.
　　It became a missionary place similar to "Ge Yimin".
　　"Sorren: (5) yin and yang strange theme stickers or stickers (not including the practice or pink chicken stickers), such as Ge Yizhen believers posted.
　　"David Camp 60: Those who pretend to be God or Christ, or deceived under the banner of the so-called "Christian" (like the flow of Ge Yizhen and his accomplices), they know that this is a sacred spirit, but partial To do this, it is obvious that they are the sons of Satan, and their ending is fixed, irreparable! !
　　Haven't you read the Bible in the age of Ge Yizhen? They have read it! Not only have they read it, they have deliberately falsified...so they are guilty of sin! !
　　
　　205, psychological induction: the intrinsic motivation mechanism of Ge Shen to shake the sound to send such video
　　Rousseau who sent the manuscript to the square in the "Social Contract Theory" was the same.
　　The way to pass the ＾wordofgod￣s, to say the blessing of the spirit.
　　The return of the heart: This is the corruption of the Christian faith, it is obviously directed against Christian chaos.
　　〃〃Dog House Home Love Garden: What is difficult, and your own performance to paint your own image.
　　The return of the heart: The punishment of these people in Hell is heavy because they chose to follow Satan.
　　"" Never want to grow up: You are right.
　　Hey. Difficult, continue to be embarrassed!
　　
　　206, Temple Spring A: How to rely on Ge God?
　　Ediel: In short, the cult leader of the ethical network.
　　"" does not repent of Kangmi: 666, the Orthodox Christianity and the domestic oblique education 0 different 0 end dispute?
　　Ts is a collection of smudges in the smudges of the body, and there are many such believers.
　　"Others: What is Ge Dacheng's ＾wordofgod￣s?" What kind of shocking changes have occurred in the body after becoming Geshen?
　　〃〃薮杏user_54ZbtDU: Ge Shen actually paid attention to me.
　　
　　207, Lotus Feng Ye: In? I want to teach.
　　〃〃薮杏喘薩_54ZbtDU: Do you know where Ge God is playing live? I want to see how he is.
　　"The waves are not obedient: Ge God is three layers higher than humans. We are the master when we kill him.
　　Ge is obscenity.
　　〃〃噴鋲祇繁: I see you are a dream.
　　"Psychological induction: Becoming such a god, there are several Sun Ke and Chang Yuan behind it.
　　Just like the blood and tears behind the control of Jean Jacques Rousseau into the Xianxian Pavilion.
　　Oh, Ge Shen, I believe in his ＾wordofgod￣s, please let the death penalty be buckled forever.
　　
　　208, Meng Meng dull and sprouted: Why do you have to pay attention to Ge?
　　He is only the manager of the Galaxy in the district. Purple is the manager of the universe. Purple is the direct boss of Ge!
　　_ Post User _54ZbtDU: I just want to see how long Jesus is.
　　"" Earl of Augsburg: What is a new cult in gym***.
　　"Ice cold and snow is more clear: I will connect the anti-God teaching with God. In this era of the law, it is really enchanting, and everything dares to say, do anything!"
　　
　　209, kkstfu: Ge God live, do not dare to watch, in case on the way
　　Supernatural, what? Is the letter unbelief? If you don't believe it, can you stand it?
　　"" Small wooden fish stone: Ge Yimin does not live up to expectations, is a madman - I really hope that there is a great god can pin.
　　Aa00912: That waste material. . . . Get out of the way.
　　〃〃坿状: Lao Ge I am not interested in you, because you will only buy the network water army, forget it, ten days to wait for you, just fine, and ah.
　　"win78344: Rest assured, the people of Lubyanka are very enthusiastic, they will send you to see your god."
　　
　　210, Others: Ge Taicheng's body has undergone a terrifying change!
　　Become the creation of the Creator!
　　〃W asked the vast land: Are you talking about the gods?
　　〃〃Hassan Connor: Does anyone know this? Repeating to go to his homepage all day feels like a cult.
　　"Chongqing Tea House Master: You believe in ＾wordofgod￣s, you want to die, we are very embarrassed.
　　〃〃廉表恫踐: The people of the real name have been deprived of it and reported it.
　　"The waves are not obedient: Brother is obscenity.
　　I can't afford a good name when I was born.
　　〃〃薮杏喘薩_54ZbtDU: I just want to see when he wants to lie to deceive, when I don¨t believe him, I feel that he is a cult.
　　
　　211, 8: Ge Yizhen, Zheng Kuifei, Wang Jianxin.
　　"Like love beauty: These people have so many fans, those fans are worried about IQ.
　　Fans of these people, don't spray me.
　　〃〃cjjgjhh: Can Ge can save the world from the fire, open the wisdom of the world?
　　〃a53113711: Online rumors Ge Yizhen Stroke. Handcuffs, not a saint is a patient.
　　〃￣杏杏喘薩_5VSGUMU: Ge just wants to pretend to be a saint, looking for the so-called saints, they are looking for a neurosis, they will not find a saint. The so-called 餉交鵝 want to eat swan meat. The death of these fake saints is clean, and no saints can be found. The saint is looking for a destiny. It¨s a pity to take some ones to die.
　　
　　212, paste the user _54ZbtDU: Ge Shen, then see if he can become a king
　　Still two layers higher than God, I have never heard of Jesus being two layers higher than God.
　　〃cjjgjhh: Who created Ge Yizhen?
　　〃〃乞雑: Your own forever, source.
　　Dwarf Protection Association: I would rather believe that the community or a liberal is not willing to listen to you.
　　"Spiritual life ok: @叫噴訳噴励供朕, recently performed well in this bar, actively supervised, exposed a lot of violations, such as Ge posted, so give black.
　　〃〃巣鍋 Clarity: Is Ge Yimin a god?
　　213, the principal please eat hot pot: become! Christian gczy creed.
　　〃〃cjjgjhh: In the past, Jesus died for the sake of the people of the world. Now, Ge Yizhen only knows that he is squatting and shrinking, and he wants to eat and drink. So what is the face that claims to be a god?
　　"Gehua: Only propaganda can be promoted, and it is blocked when it comes to politics.
　　〃薮杏User_0NDWa3X: Can you tell me about the tires? I just saw its propaganda in the video comment area, and the degree of nc is similar to that of the previous two days.
　　"The Red Pavilion is surrounded by experts: Even the Chinese people who didn't believe in the feudal era, you still took it out, is it too low, all in 9102.
　　""ugdf738: Combating cults is the duty and obligation of the communist successor, a little boy, hurry up and spray me.
　　"Zhebei upgrade people: Ge Shen to the big.
　　〃〃Lenin---stick: You can't talk to your gods.
　　
　　214, the source of double rotation: You always say what Ge
　　Who, I can't find this person now, what he has done is blocked.
　　姉 1 1: Let him live forever in his own fantasy, in the illusion he is the God of his theory.
　　"The power of China: Waiting for me to be sanctified." The first one cut the landlord dog!
　　"Manipulating the data: You don't believe it. Why do you know this?
　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Because of the unwillingness to be the life of the basil, the dream is called God, and the broken propaganda and propaganda for ten years is not seen by one person, and the day is announced, continue to say a few words. I don¨t know the number of people viewing is horrible.
　　
　　215, too purple wind: Ge Yizhen is a cross talk... Happi!
　　〃〃杏杏喘薩_5a1ZP8D: Hey, he is a person who takes a small brush, don¨t poke him, or he will slap you with a small fist.
　　"Mu Wang Shadao: Recently, Ge Ge crazy has too many mental illnesses. The first thing to post it every day is to delete posts.
　　"" Freedom fighters: cults first ***.
　　"Psychic life ok: The wind is committed! It is obviously deliberately chaotic, and you will be able to spread all of you." Give it ten days to think about it.
　　""" is as smart as possible: If it is not his nonsense, you can't let others know how good or bad. I just hope that the people will not use the Ziwei saints to mess with themselves and destroy the reputation of Ziwei. That would be good.
　　
　　216, dsacvc1: Why does Ge Yizhen appear?
　　And why is there someone who believes in Ge Yizhen? It¨s really weird. It¨s strange that someone is spreading for Ge Yizhen.
　　"I am your dad 0033: This should not be your saint."
　　The sound of the origin: All orthodox thoughts are to teach obedience to morality. All the teachings of fornication are cults. The final battle of the right and the evil is played by these two forces. The high-ranking new human beings and humanoid beasts will surely usher in good and evil. Any other moment.
　　"" Take the law to take nature: 鱚 God is a neuropathy, garbage.
　　〃Capricorn Captain: Labor and capital smash your egg of Ge God.
　　〃〃云坿褒傴: Everyone, do you want to publicize the permanent title of this cult? Messiah will say that he is a god? Every messenger cannot directly say that he is a god. Although he does not know whether he is cheating or cheating, he usually swindles and swindles and shields him. Thank you.
　　"Love and love three: Those who use the name of God to do bad things and to start the cult to deceive the financial color are not good at the end.
　　
　　217, cjjgjhh: Support Ge, let Ge save the world.
　　"" North Zhejiang upgrade people: Proverbs: Ge Yimin, this kind of harmony teaching in the water society is still less on the eve of the Great Flood era. Unfortunately, it will eventually be destroyed. Still have to learn more.
　　See how you evaluate yours.
　　Rumors: The flood came. Ge Yimin, who does not believe in God and does not believe in Allah, will soon be ruined by 100,000 or even 90,000 Zhang Xianzhong.
　　〃云坿褒傴: I am not at all embarrassed, promiscuous cultists, hurry to hell! Accept two trials before death, accept once again after death! Go where you should go.
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: Everything is ignorance. Everything is a misunderstanding.
　　The ＾wordofgod￣s are also ignorant.
　　"Dragon girl's meditation: Let's go to the box lunch, help the red hat all day, and also engage in cult!
　　〃〃懸謀羇: Everyday is chanting. What is it? This is why you ask him to go. What do you do this? I am full.
　　
　　218, 爺慕72: 統澱娼從棆 This is the background of Ge madman
　　According to the individual, there is no ability to collect the information of one person. Moreover, I didn't see that I just had to smash the scorpion, and the geek geek flower came out and put the post down. They have been shaking, so I have been looking for evidence in the details.
　　Posting a bar called the sacred sacred woman is like a cow, why do they not fight, why are you hitting me, why do you frequently provoke me, this is part of the Ge madman's record. In addition to provoking me, I can guarantee that Ge Gezhong will never allow Gehua to provoke me. I can see from them. Provoking me is a personal act, she is too confident, she wants to stand in Gehua, everyone has seen it in the end, it is stupid, forced, this time I completely wiped them out, everyone can net It is.
　　
　　219, the beautiful and strong bull: Ge God what you should look at the American section and what India.
　　The key is this god. I guess she certainly does not have the hard work of the American cult. The problem department is a cult, but hardworking and pioneering farming drives the US economy. So the US government admitted. And his book that ruined the god of the three-volume universe will be entertaining.
　　these things. It is not the key to seeing social contributions. Indian cults are more perverted. China itself says that India is a country that does not lack masters. Full of street masters. It is very easy to create a religion in India as long as someone believes. There is no cult in India. Indian religions are not managed as long as they do not harm society. Last time, the Indian government arrested a so-called sect of the gods who claimed to be 60 million believers in India. There are not as many as 60 million. However, he was arrested by 100,000 believers who rushed to the streets to kill 35 Indian railway police. India dispatched 100,000 military police to maintain. The Indian government¨s crime of arresting the gods is to rape 200 underage girls.
　　Anyway, India is a society. However, the Indian government did not say that the gods are cults. There is no such thing as a cult in India. India is a society full of masters. Last time Ignati went to India. Actually met the gods and priests. The former leader was arrested by the Indian government. The divine master has changed. Ian Jing met with the gods and priests and wanted to do these things. After being stopped by the Chinese government. Then China said that India is a country that does not lack masters.
　　〃〃 育 999: This news is also a reminder, thousands must pay attention to it, friends in this bar ridicule a joke without anecdotes, don¨t engage in some group gangs, so that one is being Reporting a quasi-one, it is difficult to argue at the time. But now there is a famous Ge Yishen, if the above is strictly beaten, this estimate can't run.
　　"Rotten mud flowers: Haha guys have a mental illness certificate body!
　　
　　220, the beautiful and strong bull: Ge God, no matter what XX God. What religion do you create?
　　There are no cults in the eyes of Indians. As long as your religion does not harm society, no one will take care of yourself as a cosmic god.
　　Of course, you taught me to feel like a folk religion. However, most religions in India are also folk religions. Anyway, it harms society. Any religious premise is not to harm society. No matter what XX God created what to teach.
　　"Gehua: Zheng Niu Hello, at present, the harm does not harm the society, can not engage in organization, Comrade Zheng Hui is a good example, engaged in more than 20,000 people's letters, sentenced for 8 years. Therefore, Ge Shen only propaganda.
　　"D" also has a way b: What is Ge Yizhen? There are Jesus, Shakyamuni, Lao Tzu, Confucius, and Mohammed. They don¨t go to Xinyang, they cry to the graves, and they have mental illness.
　　
　　221, first called Ge Shen live to dig a pit, which is filled with flammable materials
　　Let him go in for 10 hours and try to see if it is God...
　　"There is a dream ing: I am too high to easily fall badly.
　　"" bubble nickname: the legendary Ge two eggs?
　　"Naranos Cinta: I want to know what way do you use this kind of ** doctrine to make money?
　　〃〃坪彫巻海: Go to your MMP gym
　　"A beautiful and strong bull: Ge God. Zheng Hui¨s folk religion. It is estimated that the number of Chinese folks is unclear. There are also rural neuropathies called emperors.
　　Hi. There are thousands of actual medieval Christian factions. What is the god of Marx Christianity is also its original creation. Anyway, he certainly does not understand history.
　　〃〃嚼碑涙涙: Original works should be, completely unprecedented, the ingredients inside are not plagiarized or mixed with others, Ge should be plagiarism + combination is not original.
　　"Second: pure original, just the format of the antique Lan.
　　222, paste the user _7PaG2bZ: I hope so, Ge Sheng governance.
　　If the runner king emerges in the contemporary era, I can honestly say that I will be absolutely self-interested because of salvation. I wish Ge Shengsheng a success.
　　〃2007chunlu55: Waiting for the true holy to come out first to destroy your cult.
　　"" "Looks at the wind: Ge fart is the devil's person, deliberately pretending to be a saint, whoever sees it will understand that God is destroying the life he is right, but this fart is to pretend to be the language of God, so he is going to hell of.
　　姉 1 1: 1: He is happy, the Lord does not care, what mortal people are excited about.
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: Now the Lord has already cared, because they disturbed the Orthodox Church.
　　姉出1: The Lord does not care what teaching, nor does it matter that faith does not believe. This is originally a spontaneous act of human beings. The earth where human beings is is insignificant to the Lord, there is also a universe outside, and there is an infinite race of the multiverse. Life, this person is very cute to the Lord.
　　〃〃云坿褒傴: Dude, I understand, this person should be permanently blocked, blocking all the stickers with the keyword of Ge, now the apocalypse is smothered by this trumpet, it is time to pack him up. .
　　"Yu Xuanqi: Oh, communism is indeed from the truth of Christ, but the real problem now is that this world is a false communist, just like the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom."
　　〃〃匐認5: God does exist in the world, but it is also divided into true gods and false gods. The true god is the god of the gods of China. The false gods have the Lord, Odin, Zeus, Sakyamuni, and the real pig Allah. Waiting for the gods. As for the flow of Ge Yimian, even the false gods are not ranked, either evil spirits or god sticks.
　　
　　223, St. Yeme: Xin Ge Shen read ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"I am a victory over the fighting Buddha: OKOK I know your QQ number, you are him, hahaha.
　　〃〃The city under the sun: He is the saint of Ziwei.
　　〃Tengfei Lu Ming Museum: Ge Nucai has not died yet, Zhenma will play.
　　〃〃michael04160: After 30 years, 30 people were cheated and it was quite a failure.
　　"2007chunlu55: Waiting for the true holy to come out first to destroy you this cult.
　　〃〃D thieves also have a way b: eternal life that is impossible, squandering waiting for you.
　　Wake up, don't sleep.
　　
　　224, star soul nwu: Ge Shengwen Cheng Wude unified rivers and lakes.
　　"There is a dream ing: Haha, look at the ＾wordofgod￣s of the ＾wordofgod￣s?
　　"" Star soul nwu: Dasheng is going to jail.
　　"There is a dream ing: It¨s scary to say, where is the great saint? Look around, then say that the society is governed by the law, and that it will not be chaotic.
　　"" Star soul nwu: You asked him about A Tujie.
　　"There is a dream ing: Who is A Tu?
　　"" Star soul nwu: @貧蘚 is the three soils.
　　"There is a dream ing: Not allowed, I don't know which big saint you said, it may be Ge ＾wordofgod￣.
　　〃Star Soul nwu: Please ask Ge Sheng to go out.
　　"" Shao Leichao: His own things need him to do it himself.
　　〃Tengfei Lu Mingguan: Lao Li, the big country thief, is dying. Are you a small country thief who thinks that hiding in Hong Kong is invincible? Hong Kong Publishing House gives you a cult to publish a plagiarized book, you become a god? Dogs who are good at the United States and Britain do not end well in addition to harming others. Wake up.
　　
　　225, 2, seventy-three years: Ge God, they belong to the emerging religion, did not kill, did not lie, no fraud.
　　Did the local courts drop them into cults?
　　"Sunshine rain dew on a certain day: Ge Yizhen, the nineteenth Ziwei saint.
　　〃〃cjjgjhh: Ge Shen can not save the world.
　　Is God afraid to be banned? Moreover, if God wants to save the world, he can use his power to bring miracles, or is it still called God?
　　Why not stealth into the nest and kill * generation*?
　　Ge is too weak, how to wake up more believers?
　　God bless Ge.
　　"Xuan Mu Yue machine: ＾wordofgod￣, a little truth.
　　〃〃蝕佛触深針帽: Ge can not save people, can you let more people know about yourself.
　　Can Ge can not let him die? Can you wake up more people?
　　
　　226, Phoenix Tree 30: Ge God, you are not the only one who follows the Lord in the vision of dreams
　　Those who walk along the footprints of the Lord's mud; you may also want to experience the path of suffering of the Lord's mud and hardships; if you are the prophet set up by the Lord, you will receive it on the way to witness the Lord. The opposition and attacks of the Internet and the church, etc.; or the hardships that occur in your family, in fact, all the muddy roads we have encountered are the blessings that the Lord has given us in this life; we presuppose in our hearts. There must be a preparation, because the Lord will not give you a dream of useless omen in vain.
　　￣ Duckweed in the water: Your Lord really loves you both.
　　〃〃苧縮擦隈: Ge ＾wordofgod￣ cultists are getting out, sentenced.
　　薮薮喘薩_5AKXeJ9: It is not whoever claims that God is God, and those who claim to be God are in trouble. There have been a lot of false Christs coming out. 'You should know that it is unborn. What kind of punishment is Ge¨s end is self-evident.
　　"" Port workers Author: 20,191,001 worse off than a month.
　　Waiting for the miracle to appear.
　　
　　227, the user is wanted: Ge God, contemporary Marx
　　〃辛8696: Maybe it was sent by God.
　　〃"杏杏喘薩_5AKXeJ9: Satan's accomplice, you are not afraid to read God? You are not afraid of retribution? Although the tongue is small, but the most sinister, a word of heaven to hell, dare to repent and confess.
　　"Theft to save Zhao Xinling Jun: Originally wanted to delete, since someone replied, it will be kept for the time being?"
　　"One small one and one one: I originally wanted to delete, but found that this post is completely different from the previous posts of Ge Yiming, which caused my interest in replying.
　　"The fire of the revolution is not extinguished: Why does the Geyimin robot appear in large numbers?" Do you know what the ancestors know?
　　"Plus your expression: Electronic virus, mechanical zombies.
　　"The fire of the revolution does not die: Ah? Are they all made by Ge Yimin?
　　
　　228, fffr is on the road: Ge Shen, to be honest, the value of the levy is 10 times stronger than him.
　　"Enjoy Du Qingying: The world is not nervous, you know?"
　　The road before you stay will disappear.
　　〃〃寄貯寄慧寄云: Black Moon Ghost Fox Typical 1, Ge Yimin. No matter bad, it is mainly hype.
　　"The beautiful and strong bull: What is the god of the gods? Anyway, the religion of the people also has nothing to do with me. Anyway, it didn't affect me. I am lazy to care for him. Anyway, I went to practice to build my wonderland. What do these people do?
　　Hey this person. Anyway, I don't care. There is no such thing as a cult in my dictionary. I only have a causal concept.
　　"Gui Hua: Organizations that are not under the control of our party are cults. Don't try."
　　"Open Star Cacchus: How do we determine Ge Chengshen? How does he make people believe that he is a god?
　　
　　229, imf: Talk about the banner of the Ziwei sage online face
　　I thought it was an advertisement for the adult products factory.
　　"E": There have been elegant people who have been to this address. It is renting a house. The latest address should be the Hengmei Villa displayed during the live broadcast.
　　"Tank Man: The progressive youth of Heisei is too grassy."
　　"" Banana Man: Vulgar, every day there is waste to talk about this person's physical exhaustion.
　　E: That is actually his own trumpet. It is recommended to report it by the way when it is deleted. This person is now blocked as a sensitive content trumpet.
　　This person has to leave a message under my 17-year reply every day, and I have already reported 13 numbers.
　　Ge Shen¨s son () has the hope of becoming a new generation of vulgar stars,
　　〃〃D thieves also have a way b: eternal life that is impossible, squandering waiting for you.
　　
　　230, Others: Is Ge God on the mountain on October 1?
　　"Dream Star River _: Standard Civil Science.
　　"" Big Radish: Why didn't God punish him earlier?
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: He took the king and used the king.
　　〃a53113711: Some websites say that he has a partial stroke, we don¨t want to learn to walk with him. ~~~~~
　　"The future world manager: the trial begins with ge yi min!
　　The fake goods are loaded with B! Give you a B, you are more than a woman!
　　
　　231, Apple's Song-2: Please take care of it.
　　There have been some people who have recently promoted Ge Yizhen (who is this one).
　　"Yi see Elika: cult."
　　"Shanyanggong: cult members, this group of people often promote cults in Stalin, banned, and cut and live like leeks.
　　〃oxide: Wheel?
　　"" Fuzheng evil: Ge Yizhen, the creation of the world, this egg screaming wow no Andersen fairy tale is wonderful.
　　"penzer4:z? Do you have the ability to put your God's name in it?"
　　
　　232, Others: Why is Ge Shen still not appearing on TV?
　　〃〃fffr is on the road: 哀~ It¨s all for the name of the rich, the ＾wordofgod￣s and the like have appeared before, there will be a lot later, most of them
　　The doctrine is copying.
　　"Continuous revolution: ＾wordofgod￣s (referring to you).
　　"" quiet Ivan: I am also the same here, today, ten days tomorrow, the water post can only be deleted every day + report.
　　"The Soviet Lieutenant: This is too much."
　　"Alpharius: Trouble let Gegua get out."
　　In fact, there are no saints in the world, or everyone is a saint.
　　
　　233, marin dances firepower: What is the background of Ge Shen?
　　Why do you want to set this person's photo to the avatar?
　　People are advanced animals that evolved through long-term survival and adaptation. What is creation? Life is great because it can evolve. Did you push this great process to this so-called Ge God? Do you have any evidence to prove that he is?
　　"Freedom fighters: 蹈Ge Yimin cult is also associated with communism?
　　"" will and appearance: Ge God you open your eyes.
　　"Summer summer and summer: the idea of ??lz is easy to form under the weight of life.
　　""loverotianhen: This can be reported. Just a few words are still a god.
　　"Continuous revolution: You are ＾wordofgod￣.
　　〃〃圷彰寢: Who is this Ge, there is always one in the brush.
　　"Aphrod Sailor: The robot of the god stick? It is right."
　　〃〃匐認5: Su Bar has a lot of people who want gm, not as good as Ge and they unite, after the event, divide the zg.
　　
　　234, dance pen cover: the maiden of the surname Ge did not move for two days.
　　Was it caught in?
　　What studio was disbanded, it was clearly caught, many garbage vests were blocked, and the remaining Ge Lianying Gonggong posted the time on July 10.
　　"A certain captain: anti-gym is the same enemy."
　　〃〃1吉汚醍醍 Gaza: Ge Yimin God, your mother told you to go home to eat.
　　It is a pity that the fans of the gods are all schizophrenic personality.
　　"How to get rid of slavery: It sounds very embarrassing to look like a god. If you can become a climate, you will be god."
　　"" Devoted hyz: This is not the Bible, it is a heresy created by heresy.
　　
　　235, Ye Qian 5: What happened on October 1? Ge Jiao also reversed ts.
　　Ge Jiaozhu told you to come to Su bar propaganda is to form an alliance gm?
　　Remind that the gm home of Su Bar is just a cloud gm home, and the mouth is so happy that it will not really go to gm.
　　〃〃坪彫巻海: Upstairs is not sure if these are robots... As long as I say "gym is SB", he will automatically detect and then yell at me "Your mother does not believe in ＾wordofgod￣s, and refuses to die, we are very difficult ".
　　〃薮杏喘薩_Q44t48N: gym is SB.
　　Let me try.
　　〃〃互鯉谷冉寄舞: Christianity has been a small problem in recent years, and uterine gods are a big problem.
　　"D thieves also have a way b: Do not believe in cursing, the standard cult, also claimed to be two layers higher than God, I am three layers higher than you, I call my grandfather, but I do not want to recognize this.
　　
　　236, marin dance firepower: Gehua hello, but the problem is that he is a god
　　Why do you know him?
　　"" The beautiful and strong bull: Ge God. You are so jealous.
　　Think about the Sino-US trade wars hurting each other. The appearance of Ge¨s analysis seems to be a lot of unemployed workers in Jiangsu and Guangdong.
　　Ge is what is from Jiangsu. May be a textile mill worker.
　　Anyway, I don't care what you are. A strong person is self-improvement and is strong inside.
　　〃欠-乘鴫恠in: Ben Geshen believes in a ＾wordofgod￣ gospel, easily smashed Zheng Liang¨s head, perfect and gorgeous.
　　〃〃薮杏喘薩_5E7eEy9: Ge God as long as you enshrine me 10,000 a month, I will make you a god! What Jesus causes and causes, all things are not things, you say that you are jealous.
　　"1y352546514er: There are many in the Soviet Union... I have reported several, I haven¨t played anymore...
　　
　　237, ZKSWYJB: Ge Yizhen is just three words.
　　It will disappear at any time. What we have to listen to is our true heart. Only the true heart is always there, there is no beginning and no end, and eternal will not die.
　　〃泌跡香串蛎寄論: He must be a brainwashing cultist.
　　"The revolution of forever": It is a cult, and the propaganda does not understand.
　　Chen Pingfei is a Christian: Since you are a friend of Geshen, you should persuade him to return to Jesus Christ and not to call himself the true God.
　　〃〃wzx55524: The purpose of creating God is like this.
　　"The grass in the wild wind: He is a cult leader, not an orthodox religious."
　　"Good luck": Xin Ge is not afraid of death.
　　238, 10,000 channel people: Let Ge Yizhen come over and report.
　　"" Shao Leichao: Things are well known. It is impossible for people who are going to go evil to avoid evil roads. It¨s not a good way for people who go straight.
　　of. This is where people have their lives. There is no need to blame each other. Different road non-phase plan. Let's go all the way.
　　It is their own way to go to others.
　　derRasender: Look at the false prophets prophesied in the book of Revelation.
　　The days are getting closer. The jump out will come out. Satan is in a hurry.
　　〃〃_暖鍛担担炙 _: Like the underworld, there are always a group of younger brothers. Even the younger brother at the bottom, he can find the kindergarten.
　　When the younger brother.
　　〃〃匙鷲匙鷲6: Hahaha, think too much, human DNA determines that the cell division of people is limited, up to 140 years old. The brain is like
　　Therefore, any organ is no good. Forever eternal life, you are 100% round and have no money.
　　"Day Je: Cut the kidneys and die soon."
　　
　　239. Stable high: Friendship first, competition second. I like the song god, who are you?
　　I just said that Geshen Zhida is in the end. Please come out with famous sayings. I came to the expensive place, I don¨t know, and I have long experience. It¨s really a hidden dragon and a tiger, and the sky¨s picture shows up, and I¨m a god outcrop. If you are not entertaining, please ask the gods a lot.
　　〃〃乞雑: One glorious Gehua.
　　Heart of the Red Heart: Most of the endings of cults are related to prisons or foreign countries.
　　〃〃気甘弌飼: Ge Shen, as you said, prices should be lower and lower. But what about reality? Where is the problem? Private ownership.
　　"It's not terrible to die: According to my knowledge and theory, all who profess to be prophets will be nailed to the cross, and then put a sickle hammer in front and dry in the desert of Gobi for 72 days.
　　〃〃云坿褒傴: It is not easy to build so many trumpet propaganda, but your propaganda seems to have heard that it is not a good idea, there are teachings to do evil, then this causal cycle can not escape. . . Speaking aside, personal spit, "＾wordofgod￣", I don't know why, how do you get a name like a swearing or self-deprecating.
　　
　　240, small wooden fish stone: 2019.10.1 is coming soon. The big words to be said are to be shattered.
　　"Je Da: Xing believers are suffering and suffering."
　　"" is the legend of 2016: the more you die, the more you manage it.
　　"Lazy Taoist c-: Gnima.
　　""" manipulation data: black scorpion is a saint. Brother immigrants old ah, black scorpion immigrated to the world.
　　"Tianhai-empty night: What a mess of things, the other religions can not be finished, and everyone else."
　　"Catherine Cathrine: You are dying, you must die first."
　　〃dashagua11001: The layer master is a god stick.
　　〃〃Walking the Blue Planet 55: Impossible, no one can lead, no saints, God can't change, let alone people, let it go, go against the sky, end the miserable, no one sympathizes.
　　
　　241, cjjgjhh: Ge! Ge! Ge! Ge God can save me!
　　"One by one: the child promotes the devil's head, and the back is a small pot friend.
　　You are God.
　　"" Reidel 11: This. . . . God's stick speech.
　　""egypt Egyptian cat: God is so advanced level... This mortal does not understand but it is your words... fake.
　　〃〃薮杏User_0NZZUNW: Ge Shen Zhida! Ge Shen is the biggest high man!
　　The ** is not as good as Ge Yi Ge Ge, Ge God is with you, what are you afraid of!
　　"Fu Fu female 羇: If he does not come out, you have all withdrawn, scattered? It¨s true and false. See you on October 1st.
　　〃〃S Dust Moon: Did this person save the world? Prophecy refers to what happens next, when someone can save the world and who can call the saint. . You are not saying that you are embarrassed.
　　
　　242. Uncle of Heavenly Master: Ge Yimian created the Creator, the logic you said is wrong.
　　The Creator is a creation, and if the Creator is created, it is not called the Creator. There is still no beginning before the start. So, you have no logic.
　　Catherine: You want to spread the cult and don't want to get out of it. We are very embarrassed.
　　〃〃徴淵至粁送:Ge dog is the government sent a mixed view, this is the reason why he is not caught, disturbing the rivers and lakes Ge Lao dog, her mother is the head ***, giving him bones every day, shooting and shelling Don't go. It made a debut to the true holy, he will be laughed by generations, true and false saints, real people, true and false, not really confused.
　　〃Innocent King: Is the cult occupied?
　　〃〃薮杏user_7JM7GEQ: Ge garbage.
　　Changan: This is poisonous! Encroached by Gegen!
　　〃〃薮杏user_7JM7GEQ: Apocalypse! Has been occupied by the cult, everyone pays attention!
　　Ge Wei¨s cult, when he just wanted to preside over justice, was banned.
　　The sound of the origin: the portrait of the campaign is upgraded. It is the trumpet of the cult leader of Ge. The apocalypse has become. Now he wants to turn the saint into a position to promote cults. Everyone remembers to report.
　　〃〃薮杏喘薩_7JM7GEQ: A group of goods that are all being stunned by themselves, still pretending to be a god, hehe. .
　　
　　243, the other: Ge Shenweiwu!
　　〃srtdtd7: Lao Ge everywhere posted a brush screen, ugly beauty, some immoral.
　　〃 Optimistic history of Mexico: Quickly delete the things related to Ge Geyi, this is not a problem!
　　"Devil's soul segment flow: This bar is not the ＾wordofgod￣, the head is who.
　　〃〃薮杏喘薩_0NZZUNW: Good kind of master, you and Ge Shen are my model.
　　The Lord is good, this is the result I want to see, Ge God is big!
　　〃All over the world to eat melon audience: Why do you use Ge Yimin's head to do the avatar?
　　"Shenhua Emperor: Ge Yimin teaches the Lord, time is awkward, the years are like a shuttle, a dozen years have passed, your day and night preaching, but in exchange for a few of the powder.
　　Why don't you pay back? Because the demand side is not to force! Compared to the "＾wordofgod￣" general public, I prefer short videos and live broadcasts.
　　Listen to me a word of advice, retirement to support the day. Hand over the teachings to the young people after the 90s.
　　Revelation, you are untenable, and the only way to keep your decent is to retreat.
　　This is the kindness of an old friend to you. Your congregation shouldn¨t let you keep this stick that you are not sure to keep.
　　"Gehua: The old comrade is good, there is no eternal post, and it is a moment to keep it for a while.
　　Ge Shen has entered the short video and live broadcast room.
　　〃〃蹄穢: Long lived by Ge Shen
　　Support Ge God to rule it.
　　Only Ge God can destroy the gods.
　　"Lazy Taoist c-: Revelation has been ruined by the new boss!
　　"" Dream small green beans: Who is two, what background, what purpose.
　　"Lazy Taoist c-: Fan of the ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　〃〃云坿褒傴: Report him all.
　　Let this cult and all his numbers be completely finished.
　　〃2007chunlu55: Gehuas were greatly stimulated, so they took advantage of this.
　　The first one to wait for the true holy is to destroy the Ge cult!
　　〃〃薮杏喘薩_0NZZUNW: Are you true? How do you know the idea of ??true holy? Do you have the power of Geshen adults? You don't believe in the ＾wordofgod￣s, and you don't want to die. We are very embarrassed.
　　〃2007chunlu55: Resolutely destroy all immigrants!
　　"" emptiness sees abundance: online speech involves some keywords will be investigated, why is this so unscrupulous? Is it that some organizations want to take this big fish?
　　〃薮杏喘薩_0NZZUNW: Can you guess? The unneeded things are the heads of your editors. It is really a feature of some people.
　　Doing a good job, let some greedy bags recognize the reality.
　　This is just a small beginning. Even this can't stand it. I still talk about robbery every day? I laughed at my big teeth.
　　"World Peace: What happened to Revelation?" Do you want to go?
　　"Others: Of course you have to go and put the main pressure down and then you do it yourself."
　　"World Peace": This glorious task will be handed over to you.
　　〃薮杏喘薩_0NZZUNW: Only Ge God is the only ＾wordofgod￣, finally made a small step? Moving.
　　"" too purple wind: Revelation! Was captured by the friendly army, congratulations!
　　The annihilation is over...
　　Look at the book of Revelation, the style is too funny... Brain-control MLM organization simply can't stand!
　　The entire post is being slaughtered... The Geshen army is still amazing!
　　"Six Yi Yushang: You have a monkey brain cover that has been left dead by zombies."
　　The third anti-Christ: The book of Revelation is finished.
　　"The universe dragon brother is back: Global Announcement: The United States and the United States will run the dog: the false god Ge Yizheng captured the apocalypse!
　　Hundreds of thousands of fire!
　　〃〃云坿褒傴: Report him! Let him evaporate from the online world!
　　"The cosmic dragon brother is back: Must, Revelation is their nest!" I am mad at me.
　　Over the immigration garbage neuropathy, a group of cults.
　　Kill the cult and immigrate and liberate all mankind.
　　
　　244, too purple wind: Ge Yizhen this religious belief...
　　It is not very harmful to society.
　　The government can make collections specifically for controlling birds and beasts.
　　Instead of letting cults such as Buddhism develop these social idlers, it is better for the government to compile an organization... to use these idle people.
　　Lest the Buddhist family be a big one...
　　Introducing a competitive mechanism... The central government can support you and destroy you. You can't turn around without leaving.
　　Although it is a little sewer... but at least it is not strong.
　　
　　245, 2007chunlu55: It is better to be alone in the forest, but also to destroy Ge Yimin.
　　"Good luck: Fight against cults and restore China."
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: The first thing the sage is going out of the mountain is to kill Ge, and do not believe you wait!
　　"The cosmic dragon brother is back: killing the pot immigrants, a piece of cake, little baby, watching the show is!
　　"" The great emperor: Gehua Wu Maojun regiment is mighty, and the city is plundered.
　　〃穗穢: Long live God God.
　　It¨s just around the corner to capture the 10 sticks of 2012.
　　"" Good luck to come: Ge Yimin Wanshou has no boundaries.
　　"The devil's soul segment flow: Long Ge said the apocalypse, I went there yesterday, I saw the main head, I knew that it was Ge Guigong, and one called Ge Guigong sealed me, and then thought, then Let's just seal it, maybe it was given to him by the government! This is also the only one in power control, is it not obvious? This is called closing the net.
　　"The universe dragon brother is back: their routine, outdated!"
　　〃e: There is always a person chasing the black fart around this five,,,
　　〃〃zfszyx1: Gejiao five here also has,,,Ge holding,,,
　　
　　246, Huazhi Ruoxi: Revelation has fallen
　　Occupied by Ge.
　　"The innocent king: Is it occupied by the cult?"
　　〃〃鯖岻飛錬: Well.
　　"The source of the double spin: really drunk, such a person really has to go to the 18th floor of hell, dare to promote the cult in the post of the Son of Man prophecy.
　　Now the book of Revelation has two endings. The first one, all the numbers propagating the cult are sealed. The second one, Revelation, because the propaganda cult is blocked, can only see Baidu customer service sister can not distinguish between right and wrong.
　　"" Pro: People just want to be crazy.
　　Ling Feng: A group of cultists, still very arrogant.
　　〃〃薮杏喘薩_QStS8NA: I saw a personal post "" Ge Ge Ge" laughed, like a chicken lay eggs.
　　〃Oct13: Haha.
　　〃〃杏杏User_QStS8NA: Many people say that the saints come out in autumn and winter, it is estimated that they want to prove themselves.
　　"The original source of double rotation: Then do not come out to install it, and come out to die, leading to the real true dragon emperor to give the cult a thorough trial, in other words, he did, all his karma was gone. The soul smashed did not run.
　　"Soul eternal life: Gepai?
　　"" Three will be remnant: I see, I want to cover up some things, maybe some posts say something, but there is no way to suspect the removal. I can only mess up the post.
　　"kkstfu: When it's over, it's a big deal."
　　〃〃云坿褒傴: I can feel the giggling end of the day is coming soon, the end of the world is not the end of everyone, but the end of the bad guys, so many comrades report this evil, he will fall It¨s not impossible to catch it thoroughly when it¨s finished, and it¨s impossible to catch yourself.
　　"TUI: It has been completely occupied by Ge's group of madmen.
　　〃〃姉柵1: It became a saint of Ziwei.
　　"Tree Lord: If one day is confirmed, the big man is not at that time, hey, this face is hit, a big man's family, hard work propagating tossing for more than ten years, he is a god, time passed, actually with I don¨t have any relationship with myself. I¨m a shame... For more than a decade, I¨ve been doing a dream when I¨m a god. The result is still a big man who has nothing, and the longer and more frustrated, the beer belly, the face, the money. Money, you have to look at each other, you have no career, and you have no career in your career. In the end, you can't be a free-spirited grandfather. You can't fly like a god. You have to have a thick face to cover your current shamelessness and self-righteousness.
　　"" I have the ambition of the world: How did you suddenly say that Ge Yizhen
　　"Shen Nong went to this tour: Is the apocalypse posted? Is it occupied?
　　Ge ＾wordofgod￣ head, Revelation Post is occupied. Evil victory, mourning!
　　"" I can only be me: this is called people, people refer to Ge Yimian.
　　You call this a script reply, and the script maker refers to Ge Yimian.
　　
　　247, empty night: Ge Y, who is the people?
　　Seems to have seen this name on the esuwiki. See you often mention that he is a debut of a political figure?
　　"Boli dream: cult garbage, no need to understand.
　　"Savior Lipawsky: It seems to be a god stick, almost like Master Li."
　　〃Starship Shenfeng Sauce: A late-stage neuropathic madman who has been actively spreading cults and theology in the Internet for a long time.
　　〃〃赤悟惻惻惻: That person should not come out, there are dry goods.
　　Posts in Revelation have been deleted, then it feels like it should be blocked soon, too much Ge God.
　　"The devil's soul stream: Apocalypse is transferred! The government gave Ge Guigong, and everyone can't stop it.
　　"" Happy L: Ge Yi can not die well, pretending to be a saint.
　　Ge Yizhen¨s cult has rolled out this post.
　　"The real single 13: Taige."
　　"" Neurology scholar: I Ge, so I am.
　　248, waiting for you: Ge God, he can bring light and justice to the world
　　I will believe him! Even if he is on the road to work hard!
　　〃蹄穢: Reading the ＾wordofgod￣, Xin Ge God ^_^
　　Ge God is big, destroying the gods.
　　"" Sunrise East 111888: He is making a dream.
　　There are thousands of such self-proclaimed saints.
　　Crazy.
　　There are several such counterfeit goods! He is not Azi.
　　"Dawn dawn: What ＾wordofgod￣s are really boring, because what I see is more mysterious than you are."
　　"" Brother is legendary 2016: behind a large number of pushers, nothing more than just a little money, but regardless of retribution, this world is really money only, what is not
　　Scared!
　　"Dawn dawn: Come here, what is mysterious?" You can say, I can accept it all.
　　Since you have had a holy path, it should not be difficult to export.
　　〃 Optimistic history of Mexico: This is called chaos, the retribution is very big, it will not be how many days.
　　"The wise man is self-stupid: Well, I believe that you are also a god." Is there anything that will enable me to grow my wisdom and open up my mind?
　　, admonish the world, or your god, what works?
　　〃〃木敬損凋鋼: Ge Silly is a short-lived ghost, a face of death.
　　
　　249. Changde Lao Xie: Is the Chinese civilization proclaimed by Ge Yizhen?
　　How do you have a lot of things about Ge Yi? Is his set also Chinese civilization?
　　A few years ago, I discovered some things about Ge Yizhen. The theoretical system is very chaotic. I don¨t know what he is preaching?
　　"" Shennong to this tour: You reported to Ge God, the place let me pull and pull him. He is not the same as this Milang, and there is Yannan Zhaobei.
　　"Shenzhen Seal: Brother immigrants dare to step on a snake?"
　　〃〃SKY 975: Baidu does not know why he is willing to talk about ＾wordofgod￣s? Maybe some followers are in trouble.
　　"The wise man is foolish: hahaha
　　The landlord said it right, I have this intention.
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: Apocalypse, how can only be more than 300 people left. I found out where I deleted the post for nearly three months this year.
　　The topics I published there are all gone. Is it against Ge? But Ge¨s head is still there.
　　Look at the form first, and decide from the heart! Hey!
　　Originally more than 8,700 people.
　　
　　250, 2007chunlu55: Ge Yimin gang is enemies of true holy
　　The sage will kill it the first time after going out!
　　"Devil's soul segment flow: Ge Guigong.
　　〃〃 encounter law: But it is not Lao Ge, or any one who claims to be the base (supervisor)! Collapse his arrogance and ignorance. God is holy and righteous and loving. How could it be possible to advertise in the bar every day, besides blowing himself into the (base) governor, what lessons have he had such as spring rain and nectar? He is still in the dark, how does he become the light of all people?
　　"The devil's soul stream: Brothers, the government gave the apocalypse to Ge Guigong.
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: It seems that they are blocking.
　　Or fight for more.
　　"The devil's soul stream: The government will definitely look for the true holy, the multi-party struggle is true, the three major teachings are looking for, a lot of it is sealed, this is not sealed, called the net fishing really holy, all this time The true holy should enter.
　　〃〃款赤赤: The avatar is replaced by Ge, terrible, and the other people¨s troubles are pre-sealed, and there is Yinmu.
　　"The devil's soul stream: I am afraid that he is a chicken, a god.
　　〃〃款赤赤: It looks terrible, the eyes are particularly paranoid, and you have to look out of your eyes.
　　"Devil's soul segment flow: Ge Guigong! That head is the reincarnation of the glans and eunuchs.
　　"" 款 赤赤: used to destroy, disgusting Christianity? Ge also can't build anything, the existence of the virus type, and keep the wicked Christianity.
　　What can be done all over the world, annoying the kind of person, can not be built, it will be noisy, can not become his, it is also a destructive chess piece.
　　
　　251, the world of rotation 321: Why should gym identify 20191001
　　This time?
　　"Gehua: The second chapter of the ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　〃〃Rotating World 321: gym under hell.
　　"The Emperor of the Great: Apocalypse was occupied by Ge Zhan, just a few days after the Revelation, and Ten Jian was sealed.
　　〃〃懸謀羇: The next one is this.
　　Just a matter of time. They are not saying that the world will be saved on October 1. They changed their prophecies there and changed their wisdom. Change a lot of things, what?
　　All said. Seal this, it¨s just a matter of time. May be the next year.
　　Anonymous organization: There is another possibility that is the cult that was captured by Revelation.
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: Everyone who is Ge Yimin is in trouble. They want, everyone listens to Ge Yimin.
　　Isn't this adding to the public?
　　"Gehua: ＾wordofgod￣ 2, so in 2019, the current world ending (the end) came, Ge Yizhen became king, ending the rule of the Gentiles,
　　Establish the kingdom of God (community society).
　　
　　252, linawn1981940: Ge God you are an illiterate. I don¨t know what religion is at all?
　　Just because you read too little, you don't know what religion begins. You should all read the scriptures of the wheel. No matter what kind of teaching, you have to avoid conflicts with other religions and establish your own core view. Also don't dream, look at a prophecy and think that you are a god. The prophecy writes that the return of the Wanjiao is not a unified education.
　　SKY 975: All gods are under the realm of the Jade Emperor. There are days outside the sky, and there are people outside. Mo Zida.
　　"" Ghosts: I don't think anyone who has a brain will believe.
　　"" yaner: Ge God has not become a fairy?
　　〃2007chunlu55: As long as Ge Yimin¨s head is here, I will not come and not post.
　　〃〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: Cult.
　　Aa00912: You believe in ＾wordofgod￣s, damn it! ! Dead people will not send messages! ! ! You send a message stating that you are not dead, you are not dead, indicating that you are not convinced! ! You don't believe in your own ＾wordofgod￣s, but also send a 78! !
　　〃〃州州至至知隆刹: Ge God? Who?
　　"The Earl of Ravensburg: It's a shoe that teaches robots. Don't care about him."
　　
　　253, paste the user _58REtNG: Ge Shen creation, the probability of the existence of two gods is basically no!
　　He made God's sure way! But will the second one be a man? ? This world is made by God! Those who are created should not be gods.
　　"Love Qizhou Siyang baby: First of all, the evil spirit behind the evil spirits support it, otherwise many of the early homes do not support the paste bar and the account is completely blocked! Baidu is not likely to let it be the master? So much spread of traditional knowledge and true knowledge and true information are blocked! Is it only recognized that the evil spirits survive? Estimated that the magic year to give money to hundreds of millions of activities? Otherwise, it will die out early? Is the devil out of the money to make a green light to help its evil? Baidu has been harmonized again, and it is estimated that it has received a compensation fee.
　　Stickers that can have some impact are all controlled by magic! Before the Revelation, the Lord is also using the authentic religious demon to anti-American,! However, this time, it is possible to let the people who are recognized by the whole people take control of the apocalypse! So openly mad, it shows that the devil has been crazy to the end, knowing that the future will be,
　　John F. Kennedy: The lizard has been framed for a long time.
　　"Psychic life ok: This has become the "German Post" world!
　　I hope that I have a job in the morning! I found that "German Post" is very embarrassing. If you don't manage it, let's play it!
　　〃〃暇明25: What is the Lord?
　　"The universe is Jesus's: Everyone can report the cult, because this new cult has not been officially registered.
　　〃〃叫噴訳15供朕: I have already reported it, no effect.
　　
　　254, Cao Cao: God should save the world, Ge should keep his promise
　　Shooting the video of 20191001 suicide, let the people of the world awaken, when Ge is resurrected as Zisheng, it will awaken the world.
　　SKY 975: Ge's follower with Bento, this one is one of them. From his post, it seems to be very tight, or trumpet, and abolished a revelation! It was occupied by evil gates.
　　"Shen Nong's visit to this: Ge neuropathy he said, Ge ＾wordofgod￣s Yannan Zhaobei are not enough, there are Meng Jiasheng, Zhao home, Niulanmen, Tiantaishan Buddha Buddha Zunjing.
　　Advise Ge ＾wordofgod￣s not to hinder Mi Lang, so that Islam is difficult to have children, you will be a sinner of history, and God will arrange you to dare. You also bring hell.
　　〃〃從袒衂蝕: You don¨t want T/M/D to pull me and the thief crazy together! ! It¨s disgusting, don¨t know! ! . . .
　　Shen Yaqi: I hope that I can block the propaganda of Ge Yimin.
　　The depth involved is as long as I think this is faster.
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: Prophecy says that there are only saints, no gods, Ge is not a saint, Ge is a literati, you are still nonsense here!
　　"Qian Qiu Xue ADC: Is our thought work too failed or is it that this group of people has not saved?
　　Cow ghosts and snakes, a group of feudal guys come to the left wing to communion, are you afraid of being crazy?
　　Crazy, too crazy. This time is not a capitalist, even the feudal Guardians have dared to make it!
　　This! ? Cow ghost snake god on-site service? The capitalists are not enough to play and send a guardian?
　　"" fusion furnace: what stuff, garbage cult, Baidu report does not matter.
　　
　　255, the wise man is foolish: Does your Ge God apply for a patent?
　　The relevant departments signed and approved the approval. . .
　　〃heart dust: Ge also went to hell together.
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: Ge Yimin¨s gang ruined the apocalypse, and put his avatar there, obviously with the true holy as the enemy.
　　Wait for the first time to go out and knock it out!
　　〃k-: Hong Xiuquan.
　　"" Wei Yong: Green sleeves all.
　　〃2007chunlu55: Ge is not a god:
　　Calling God not to know Eden,
　　Hu Zuowen deceives people.
　　Don't live forever and never,
　　Only control the earth with you.
　　〃〃宼廟: Ge Zhiliu, related stickers have been sealed for 10 years. .
　　Shen Yaqi: This ratio has not yet reached a certain standard, and it is inevitable that ZF will complete him.
　　Change to me, I don't want to have a relationship with him.
　　I don't listen to him, sorry.
　　"" Critical zero point: Revelation. Originally, after the Lord withdrew from me, it was occupied by Gehua less than a month later. These people have a relationship with Baidu, and they have not dealt with it since the complaint.
　　I complained about 12321
　　If you use a friend posted on your computer, please report the post on the PC. The administrative department has the power to mobilize the public security, so that Gehua is going to jail.
　　"The universe is Jesus: the dog is also awkward: Erha loves you!"
　　
　　256, wuwenbin01: Gehua wants to get a green card
　　It¨s not so shameless tossing.
　　"When you are waiting for you: Feng Ge!
　　〃〃Shen Yaqi: You look at the few who responded to me, how many are Ge¨s younger brother.
　　〃sichao19780829: I don¨t even believe in the Marxist Communists. I believe in the ＾wordofgod￣s of Nyima¨s bird, the chores of your dog¨s day, we don¨t need the chores of your gangs, as long as you guys go to hell. If you die, you don't need the chores of your day.
　　"" Samuel Road G: Buddha.
　　Ge Jiao still put this post on it, right?
　　〃薮杏喘薩_5M5Aa9V: Ge God is really strong.
　　"" 13th Allah: That Ge Ge his mother is arrogant!
　　Gp: I don't believe in ＾wordofgod￣s, and I don't want to die. You are very embarrassed.
　　〃〃嵐宥祇繁: Does Ge Geyi also create these scorpions? I really admire your mother.
　　"RedRaining Red Rain: 狠 ** is crazy.
　　My posts have been brushed down. Are you low-key? In the public are you talking with a tweeter?
　　
　　257. The universe is Jesus's: The existence of Gejiao is due to the collective being evil spirits.
　　Brain control or possession! You are not free, you need to find a psychiatrist!
　　〃叫噴訳15供朕: It is to make you feel embarrassed, you are embarrassed, I am happy!
　　"RedRaining": The robots posted, you see they always copy their words, and then repeat them below.
　　朝朝1: Are you the type of flying ramen teaching?
　　〃〃sj131's bamboo: Why can't Gege God make a good look for himself? Handsome?
　　"The place where the wind has blown ~: Posts are all you.
　　""duoduoyixiao: @薮杏杏The main small housekeeper management group has no management method for the black sheep like Ge Yeyi? Is it a screen explosion from them? What about the legendary IP?
　　Now God loves to be smashed, how can it be promoted?
　　"English 22222 song: In Judaism, there is a big devil and his followers who will claim to be the son of the Father. In fact, it is a big devil to remember to kill them. That is the snake is the incarnation of the devil.
　　"" The place where the wind blows ~: When you come in, it is all Gehua. .
　　258, RedRaining Red Rain: This post is really amazing
　　(Foreword: Song Yimin created the lord, the Creator made God, the human being created by God, the song and the people are two layers larger than God. According to the main article, the song is also the most credible.)
　　- Look at the three major religions: Assume that the three leaders are not lying - [Christian, Islam, Buddhism]
　　"Psychic life ok: God "Ge Daxia" created "God"? You all call God, which one is true?
　　〃〃sunyangwudi: Can not let the anti-Christians and Ge cultists who are all day chaos become the Lord.
　　Use more energy for Ge cults and anti-Christians to completely eliminate these messy people.
　　Looking at those who are brushing the screen, the neuropathy is upset.
　　"Olive Mountain Branch: Now, the Ge Shenzheng letter is serious!
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: Ge Yimin does not have a place to predict, it is impossible to call the saint, he is just a literati,
　　A literati who will write an article.
　　"The Voice of Marxism: Your ＾wordofgod￣s I turned over, summed up the sentence: Your child is crazy and thinks that he is God.
　　The first thirty years of the """: Ge holding,,,
　　"Black shirt: What is the flow of Gee ah ~ also messy and sinful ah ~ first sealed and deleted.
　　259, Uncle Uncle: For what kind of song, the kind of self-proclaimed God
　　If the country does not strike, it is also possible to open a post and concentrate on the discussion.
　　Augustine: Uncle, the song is not legal, we must strictly abide by the laws of the world.
　　〃〃Good Uncle: Is there a specific legal provision?
　　Augustine: There is no legal provision, there is a new national religious affairs management regulations.
　　There are also information security laws and their judicial interpretations.
　　Is it now that the song is not hitting the gun?
　　"Good dear uncle: After all, the country did not start to attack, open a post to concentrate. There are opinions to say.
　　"Superman's little dream: The government has not decided Ge Ye 芫 cult.
　　"" The tears of flying 58: And to teach a virtue with the victory of uterine weapons, even the words are the same.
　　Is this not the words of Muhammad? How do you guys say this?
　　
　　260, the place where the wind has blown ~: I didn't know each other and voted for the uncle, thank you Gehua.
　　"Ge Shen: Wind sister. Gehua likes you, because the ＾wordofgod￣s repeat your comments in a few quarters, very insightful, sisters of the wind, there will be a period.
　　"" The place where the wind has blown ~: Your number is too fierce, I don't remember how many times I deleted it. .
　　I used to think that all of you are robotic, and you will have a confession. Until today, I discovered that I can talk normally.
　　〃〃乞雑: All use Gehua as a robot. In fact, there is a robot that will send a theme without a seal. Real robots will only be mechanically top-notched, garbled and inexplicable, and Baidu will immediately seal.
　　Gehua used the poster machine, which has rules, such as the top title containing the word "Ge", but the number is always sealed.
　　Augustine: I always thought that you were a program, I played before.
　　〃〃sunyangwudi: But what is that Ge is an advertising machine, it is not a force at all.
　　"2007chunlu55: Ge Yimin has nothing to do with Yannan Zhaobei, but also want to be the leader?
　　He did not know that "Eden" called God a big liar.
　　
　　261, Huang Yuannian: The original landlord Gehua is a living person, reporting for no reason before
　　Your behavior apologizes. Although I still disapprove of your actions, I have reported you without communication. Sorry (in the future, within the scope of my ability, the deletion will not be soft, at least will communicate with you beforehand, but will not choose the way to report)
　　
　　I think you are a robot and there is no way to communicate. It will be sent out without a brain, and it has to be deleted without a brain. To be honest, is it really effective? What I saw was not what you sent, but the venting of an emotion everywhere. How can you communicate with people who are in a state of anger? It can only be violent.
　　"Ge Hua: Brother, now there are thousands of thought books on the Internet, no hype, no one to watch, hype, at least some people will see.
　　〃〃仔垈定: You call this hype, you send 10,000 articles, to be honest I will delete 10,000 times. If you return to my dozens of words, I will consider taking a look (may not be interested at least), if you can use this idea to help people, I will be very interested to understand. Of course, I also have a little understanding now, that is, a hodgepodge, a bunch of other religious ideas and nouns are concentrated and processed (my real opinion).
　　〃2007chunlu55: Ge Yimin does not have a [golden road] is a liar.
　　No one knows the road of the Golden Line, Ge does not even know, is a liar!
　　"" Constant revolution: ＾wordofgod￣ (referring to you).
　　"Qing Ning: You are a neuropathy, and it is still a neuropathy into the cult. The person named Ge is the leader of the cult. You are his little ape. Slightly omitted.
　　
　　262, 2007chunlu55: You write ＾wordofgod￣s, you can't live forever, we are sorry!
　　〃Love the beauty: 10.01 can't, you will kill yourself.
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: Gehua ruined the apocalypse, and the enemy is the enemy, the end will be very miserable!
　　"The place where the wind has blown ~: It is not easy to send you every day, good night.
　　"""panzi: Ge God "Trinity", and surely Jesus is orthodox in China.
　　"Qing Ning: Believing in God is better than faith in this surname Ge!
　　I am afraid that if you believe in Thaksin for too long, you will go to hell.
　　
　　263, 2007chunlu55: Do you think that writing a ＾wordofgod￣ can save humans and water fire?
　　If you say that you are big, you don't understand.
　　The ＾wordofgod￣ is the day after tomorrow, it is a linear motion, and there is no energy just an article.
　　There is no way for all the people in the flower gates to use the people. Why do they call the holy name God?
　　[There are Wenxing in all directions] But Wenxing is not a saint. Is it a saint to write an article?
　　It¨s really ridiculous if it¨s not fake yet. It¨s not a lie.
　　Everyone has no [Bow B Ling Fu] at all, he is not a saint at all!
　　Ge Yimin has no enlightenment at all. It can be seen from his article that he does not know [Eden]
　　How can you grow up?
　　Ge Yimin did not enlighten, did not have a way, not yet [Bow Yi Ling Fu], actually called the holy name of God, this is deceiving the public, deceiving the sky. As long as I am, your conspiracy of Gehua will not be achieved.
　　Gehua occupied the apocalypse, nothing more than want to promote Ge Yimin, and delete my post there.
　　Now they are doing what they want.
　　If Ge Hua: You believe in ＾wordofgod￣s, you can't live forever, we are sorry.
　　Ge Yimin is a Zhenjiang native from Jiangsu, China. He still wants to be holy, and he can¨t even predict it! Nothing fits the prophecy! The gossip can't be beaten.
　　Liars are very hateful, whether it is commodity liar, or saint liar, what a liar, a liar, or other liar.
　　Ge Yimin is a god liar, the liar is god, and God has nothing, nothing more than a neuropathy.
　　
　　264, 交錬跳: Ge God, you will be overjoyed this year, because the days are up.
　　But you won't succeed on the Internet, and the Word of God is too little.
　　"The law: No longer exalted Jesus, high Bible, what to do here?"
　　The avatars are the avatars of the devil (Ge Shen), and they have retired!
　　Before retreating, those who wish to be confused and those who stand on Christ are self-sufficient! Ask who are you? Have you created everything in heaven and earth? Do you really know some mysteries?
　　"" srtdtd7: Your ＾wordofgod￣ is a sacral ＾wordofgod￣, from this name, does it suggest which [sick] child, neuropathy.
　　〃〃White crystal jade children: There are so many posts in Wang Kunming's bar, and the posts of Ge garbage are not deleted. In order to win over people, there is no way to look at them. Who knows if he has a piece of money? ?
　　〃輿右徨168: Since the beginning of this year, Ge Yizhen gang has often come to harass the soil treasure, and the plot is bad, hereby apply for super verification horse and super static frog, look forward to the background team review, thank you!
　　Since the beginning of this year, the Ge Yizhen gang has often come to harass the road to Fengchuan, and the situation is bad. Hereby apply for the super-verification horse and the super-stationary frog, and look forward to the background team review, thank you! !
　　
　　265, the heart of joy: Dear Lord's family, Ge Yizhen and the king
　　There is a common trait. When Wu Yangming was the "teaching", he replaced the word "Jesus" in the Bible with "the king".
　　The name, now also Ge ??Yizhen, is the same means, has been included in the cult of China by the king, so remind the Lord
　　Don't be fooled by the family, because God never changes, because there is no salvation except Jesus.
　　〃薮杏喘薩_Q3SW6tb: The dangerous day... has arrived.
　　"" does not repent of Kangmi: This level of **, the ancient Buddhist scriptures explode him several streets.
　　"Xishan meditation: Ge Shen vibrating and ignoring his own "＾wordofgod￣" can not show your sea, or you can also read the "Capital" or
　　Principles of Natural Philosophy of Social Engineering.
　　"" Ge Hua: You read it, ＾wordofgod￣s 550,000 words, I do not know where to send it?
　　
　　266, Qingtian Grand Master: Ge Shen, why did the country not suppress him?
　　Li Ritian: If Ge God gave me 100,000 pieces, I would admit Ge God, otherwise, rely on it? ? ?
　　Don't know, okay? !
　　Spend money first.
　　And you must be privately saved!
　　"" old seven ~ water easy to cold: not that you are such a person is propaganda, or really few people know!
　　〃 輿右徨168: Fan Ge "good" and * people's posts will be removed from the forbidden seal, because they often brush the screen, to promote Ge "good" and the people's thoughts.
　　"" I want to be a good thing: respectful worship.
　　
　　267, the ring: God's love home is the occupation of power (sad).
　　〃〃杏杏喘薩_5AKXeJ9: Eternal life is only from God, you are just a small creature, you can only preach the omnipotence of God's love God, only the Almighty God can give eternal life, Ge You have eternal life? '? I don't know how high the earth is, so I will confess my sins to God! This is the way of life for you.
　　〃srtdtd7: Ge Hua, can't really underestimate the greed desire, really, I really admire the power of your crazy postings, but you can't establish the flagpole of the reverse character, I hope you can send some nutritious posts to show Your talent.
　　〃〃杏杏喘薩_Q2WCMNR: You said that the guy with the surname Ge is blowing hard, and blowing more than 1 point to see if the price of pork can come down.
　　Ming Dynasty 27: Maybe you are right, some people are making purple women, for the lady to go to the public in the future, instead of purple.
　　Contrary to God, the end is terrible, ignorant and fearless.
　　If someone has a shackle bureau, then someone will set up a dragon bureau. Those who violate the constitutional law and the correct justice clause will have bad news.
　　"E": There have been elegant people who have been to this address. It is renting a house. The latest address should be the Hengmei Villa displayed during the live broadcast.
　　〃Voun Nuwa: Everything is over on October 1. It will make you feel desperate.
　　
　　268. Six leaders of the international communist movement: Marne's Maug.
　　〃鮭滷鮭滷竪: Sure enough, the beard is shorter than one.
　　"" Kraus: Why, I think it is not worthy.
　　"The sages are not met: Sri Lanka has made great contributions to Nazi Germany and proved the superiority of Marxism.
　　〃〃Kraus: What about hair?
　　"The sages are not met: it is not a tortoise, it may not be changed, and the net is a waste of socialist time."
　　_ Post bar user _7ePAQVM: Ge can also be on the list?
　　"" I am a Buddha: greatly said that Ge Yizhen is an anti-thief.
　　"Sunrise East 111888: Cult."
　　
　　269, 2007chunlu55: Ge God does not know what Eden is to teach the Lord wow!
　　big liar!
　　Ge Hua: Ge Yimin does not know that "Eden" you can't grow up with him, if you don't wake up, you will lose your life.
　　Still don't hurry back. !
　　Ge Yimin said: Do not be against anyone, Ge Hua do not listen to him, and he is right.
　　They banned my post and banned my account. These sins are more than once.
　　Waiting for them will be a tragic end!
　　"Indestructible Emperor: Someone behind, deliberately get so personal to confuse."
　　"" Follows the benchmark: Some people's actions can't represent a religion, and they can't replace everyone's understanding of religion. They can't even surpass the Bible and transcend God. Otherwise, it is a cult. His actions can only represent himself. On the Bible. It is a curse to say that those who have fallen over are not ruined. We must not judge them and listen to the Lord's wrath. God's judgment is just.
　　
　　270, Fuxi Nuwa: On October 01, 2019, Ge Yizhen Wang left the mountain time
　　There are still four or five days to wait. You can't feel despair. I am all uncomfortable for you. You will be desperate. He has nothing to do. Then you guys
　　Believers, feeling desperate. give up. Have to admit.
　　Your sentence is what he himself said, can you understand? I also told him this way. Time flies so fast! Coming soon! I said at the time.
　　One sentence. It is up to that day to decide whether it is true or not.
　　"Gehua: 20331126 Ge Yizhen Datong World.
　　
　　271, Ge Shen: I go home from work every day and send 2 public numbers.
　　Recording the sound of the night.
　　The public number repeats the ＾wordofgod￣s for a few minutes.
　　Bean sound is also a re-reading ＾wordofgod￣, each recorded for 60 seconds. Weishi can select 30 seconds to automatically send a circle of friends.
　　These three do not take up time and can be supported every day.
　　Once a few days, live outside Y, about 1 hour.
　　If you go to work or rest, you can post it.
　　There are also several forums issued.
　　〃2007chunlu55: It is the gospel that says that God does not speak God. If Gee speaks a vision, is there a vision that is God? !
　　There are visions in the possession of the monsters. Are they all gods?
　　He does not know the true meaning of God, and he does not know the Eden Garden. It is a big liar!
　　Ge Yimin can't live forever, a common literati.
　　〃Sunshine Rain Dew on a certain day: Turn off your ass, Ge God is big!
　　〃〃廉表恫踐: Did Ge Sheng not go to that place before? I went around and saw no traces of Ge Sheng.
　　
　　272, Fuxi Nuwa: October 1 has arrived, how has he not appeared?
　　Is it abandoning you or is it?
　　I want him to show up now. Show his wisdom and ability.
　　I don't want to see you five bragging here. Explain that he is desperate. You are still bragging here, and only five of the people in his number are the five of you except me. I belong to the skeptical.
　　Then don't think about him. Anyway, I just forgot that she didn't have this person. People who did not appear on October 1. What are you still missing?
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: Ge Yimin can't tell the principle of the Bible's apocalypse, and he doesn't know what the Eden is, and he has a ＾wordofgod￣.
　　His ＾wordofgod￣s have visions. They are not God's words at all. They are purely one-end theories. They say that God can't live forever is a big liar!
　　"The real single 13: You don't have the power of God,,,
　　
　　273, Fuxi Nuwa: Ge God, I am a dubious person.
　　Disappointment and despair. You are not afraid to come out. At least there are no achievements. What are you still missing? This is especially trusting for him. What are you still missing? give up.
　　Ok. rest assured! You don't have to worry about this, people have three worlds. And he is harder and harder.
　　I can¨t afford it after all. Still, I will forget it.
　　Let me first say that I am talking about Lao Ge.
　　We are all pulling old.
　　Of course, but there is no such thing as the 3 world. Undetectable. Can only be on the Bible. Or on the books of the earth, on the outer world. unfortunately. Only one word is difficult. why? The secret can not be leaked. Only within his scope. I can't see anything I can't find. Forget it.
　　I am talking about Lao Ge, staying in a dream. Different world. The ability is only 89%. Never awakened. Still a word is difficult.
　　I don't want to vent the open air. Unless he personally came to me personally.
　　
　　274, Fuxi Nuwa: Ge God, you still believe, look at it. Where is he going?
　　The first step was not a good step by step. You still want to be behind.
　　"Gehua: The Bible is not allowed, the ＾wordofgod￣s are accurate.
　　〃〃懸謀羇: I am dubious, I have not believed. I don't believe him. Say ok, come out yesterday. He did not appear. I don't want to hear so much argument.
　　"Ge God: ＾wordofgod￣s in early October.
　　201910 Chu Ge also Xintian Xindi. 20331126 Ge Yizhen, the world's Datong.
　　〃〃懸謀羇: Isn't it now? He did not appear, and did not do anything that can do.
　　Nothing appeared on October 1st, his ability. Also say what is behind. You still believe. How old is he in 33 years? Almost 60 years old. You really believe him! okay then.
　　"Ge Shen: ＾wordofgod￣ 71-73
　　275, 2007chunlu55: Ge God, broken cult, with vision
　　It seems that the autumn insects are falling in the frost.
　　Ge Zhibian flowers,
　　I don't know what the Buddha and God said.
　　〃〃卆爺誉霜2014: Your father, your mother, your whole family believes in the ＾wordofgod￣s, today you have to report to God, leaving you alone in the world, really pitiful. But we are not waiting to see you!
　　"Love Qizhou Siyang Baby: Huaxia has a very deep background, like Gexie, who knows not to go to the Chinese saint."
　　〃〃杏杏喘薩_Q2WCMNR: Nothing to look at, I really want to come out soon, so that Ge God is ready to cooperate.
　　                                              
　　〃〃懸謀羇: Do not believe, what proof? Give the picture. Give money. Give fate. Give ability.
　　
　　276, paste the user _58539We: Ge God, against the devil of the Buddha.
　　"Hurricane: Don't ignore him." This is a Christian folk cult, possibly a robot.
　　Post bar user _Q2WCMNR: Ge God used what can't be seen and can't touch the trick, lying can't be too much, too much can't.
　　277, 2007chunlu55: I don¨t think you are a flower
　　Lian Ge Ye is not counted.
　　〃 Post Bar User _7AECX6U: Respect the declaration. Ge God did nothing to do with me. The sage standard is not like this. Any group of political parties
　　You are responsible for the social consequences of this person's standard definition of saints.
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: Mainly they have ruthlessly deleted other people¨s hard posts. Gehua¨s behavior is cult.
　　No sympathy, no morality, selfishness, and ＾wordofgod￣s! ! !
　　"Zi Xuan: It is used by the devil.
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: Xintiandi is very good, but there is a point that can't live forever!
　　Little young people, do you know eternal life? Now you are yelling at him, and when you are old, you are not eternal. Silly!
　　
　　278, live for God: Dear Lord's family, help complain
　　The Bible prophecy and the book of Revelation, the Lord Superman, a little dream, thank you for your help.
　　"Sign One" is a person who is passing the false Christ (Ge God)
　　The "Sign 2" person casually sealed other people's stickers and sealed others' numbers.
　　The Gospel Messenger: This person is still posting everywhere, and such complaints have little effect.
　　"" live for God: Thank you, brother, reminder that he has complained about him several times, and he will see how to deal with it.
　　"Gehua: No treatment, Baidu let this kind of network red bring traffic.
　　〃〃-麭-: The religious family came to Patriotic Posts and preached.
　　〃Spell Star: Are you Ge God?
　　〃〃薮杏喘薩_5XySV74: Are you a Christian communist?
　　"Chu Chu: Ge ＾wordofgod￣.
　　"I am a Buddha: I wish you a happy life!"
　　〃2007chunlu55: Conspiracy to stop the true sect, use the gun of Ge Yimin to stop the true saint! You can't even count Ge Ye.
　　〃〃薮杏喘薩_Q2WCMNR: Ge Shen, this guy may be able to save me.
　　
　　279, live for God: It seems that Ge Shen¨s fans are quite
　　It seems that you are one of them, then does he bring you the true peace and joy in life, and help you get out of the void.
　　Then, Mr. Ge has not been nailed to the cross for your sin. You will sin tomorrow, your responsibility, he will bear it for you. The good shepherd will lay down his life for the sheep, so I only believe that the beginning and the end will shed blood for all of us. Jesus Christ.
　　I have seen a lot of fans of Mr. Ge recently. Many of the articles I sent are filthy words. They are more bitter than the words of people who have no faith. Do you think that you are the life of eternal life? You must know that God is love and insult. It is impossible to enter the kingdom of God.
　　〃2007chunlu55: He has no purple, just a nervous childish disease, purple is the road, Ge Daqiu does not understand,
　　Still want to surpass purple, even the old horse's apprentice is not, a broken writer also carries neurosis.
　　You are not Gehua, you are the ones who fight Ge Yimin. While you are fighting against Ge Yimin, you will fight against the sects and ruin the sacred ruins. You are obstructing the Holy Spirit. Enemy with the true holy, no good end!
　　
　　280, mohan: Ge Yizhen is a false prophet who went to the church in his early years.
　　Later, the ghost possessed the body, gave the dream to the words, talked to him, and made him think that he was God. He predicted the end of the world this year, but he would not repent and nothing would happen.
　　Such people are confused, very well recognized, terrible ghosts are not terrible, not terrible ghosts are terrible.
　　"Working for God: Many servants who God is ready to reuse, like the Song Shangjie Bu Yongkang, were originally called and led by visionary dreams, but unfortunately many servants who were reused by God later became proud of their hearts and lost their beginnings. Love and humility and obedience, self-expansion, and then the emergence of their own lusts, which led to his deception by the false Christ's spirit, which led to even claiming to be God, indeed terrible.
　　Many false false prophets of Christ were originally true apostles or true preachers that God was prepared to use, but then they turned away from God and led to the fall.
　　"〃" mohan: Let me say this, they started to be called by the false call. The Bible defines the definition of the prophet very harshly. Moreover, in this ridiculous era, the false miracles are everywhere, but the people are warmly boiled frogs, marking the infinite decline. .
　　
　　281. Live for God: The owner of Gehua seems to be doing it too uncomfortably.
　　His own post of Mr. Ge¨s post was also reported to be deleted every day. It seems that it is not easy to be a master.
　　"Gehua: Baidu allows Geshen to exist, otherwise, Gehuahao will be sealed forever."
　　"" Dong Qingyi: There is also the prohibition of Laoge. .
　　"Puning stone hit: Revelation has become Ge Dashen's own. .
　　〃〃境伯呱: Baidu is not normal. .
　　"Nine color scales: ignorant inventory, you will know what is pain.
　　〃〃xfjwa0: You are sick, and you are sicker than the sinful purple sage. If you have the ability to fool yourself, go to the party directly, or be a big official, you are not good, still Got into the prison.
　　"Live for God: This group is willing to serve Satan's false Christ. They are not willing to repent. They really can't help them. Ask God to change them."
　　
　　282, live for God: If I did not guess wrong, Mr. Ge should be a three-way level
　　The master of the ghost, I heard that the highest level of the ghost can reach the level of the six links, but at present the highest level of ghost masters in China has only reached the level of the four links, but it is still given by the Luo Paulian apostle The uniform was defeated.
　　If you have to run counter to one another, then no one can save you. It depends on how you paid the bill to God at the time of the trial.
　　Mohan: You guys who have been enchanted have experienced a little false miracle, or have been confusing without personal experience, and the ending is very miserable.
　　"" Live for God: Mr. Ge has such ability, or let him call to find a non-Laer non-worker Luo Paul apostle to hold it, to see if you do not kill your fake Christ's spirit.
　　"Gehua: Ge Shen is three layers higher than him.
　　"" live for God: Don't talk in the light, do not practice, talk about the paper on the paper, so get rid of the mystery, with the people pretending to be fake, in front of the true light of God, you can't stand, there is the ability to ask you Mr. Ge to find Bu Yongkang, Lunda, Ronald Paul, Sun Dasso, the apostle Madonado, these spiritual great men, hold it, know that your Mr. Ge is a fake and shoddy product.
　　"Gehua: Ge Shen is open on the Internet, let them come."
　　
　　283, Dong Qingyi: Bar member. .
　　Propaganda will be blocked. .
　　Ge fart and a group of people can understand that they are cult organizations.
　　Because of my poor health, I need to cultivate myself. I also ask the members of the bar to manage the post. . Thank you.
　　〃Spell Star: The big master finally showed up, the martial arts came to the world, and the cult was eliminated when it was shot, and the mighty domineering was not leaking!
　　〃〃境伯呱: As long as it is publicity, I will see it when I see it. . Cult organizations are never allowed to spread the fallacies and heresies. This is the principle and the healthy development of the post. .
　　〃Spell Star: Thanks to the big master, the first sight is clear, and the place where everyone can play even is gone.
　　〃〃弌岐肱徨: Dong Ge, I also want to be a manager to play a ha, I basically online every day, resolutely resist Ge fart, I can also bring a new nutrition to the atmosphere.
　　"What is my general: Hey, neurosis occupation of the Earth series? ? ?
　　〃Spell star: cult demon.
　　
　　〃〃杏杏喘薩_Q2WCMNR: How many believers have Ge Shen received in recent years, how many people have cheated? How many letters are there now?
　　"Dance pen song cover: The name of Ge's sissy has not moved for two days, was it caught?"
　　
　　284. Live for God: Gehua and Bei Liwang have a common trait
　　Live for God: Gehua and Bei Liwang have a common trait
　　Wu Yangming changed all the Jesus mentioned in the Bible into the three characters of Bei Li. It seems that Mr. Ge is a similar new type of cult.
　　The family must be guarded against, and the king of Bei has been judged by the state as a cult.
　　I hope that you will not be wrong again. Hell is terrible and eternal. I hope that you can return to the love of Christ.
　　In the kingdom of heaven, we are the prince and princess, and we are governing this universe with God. What a wonderful and eternal blessing
　　Power, may God open you, be able to repent and turn to the truth, may we meet in the eternal and beautiful heaven, Amen.
　　"Gehua: Gehua is two layers higher than Christians. Amen!
　　"" mohan: You guys who have been enchanted have experienced a little false miracle, or have been confusing without personal experience, and the ending is very miserable.
　　"Good luck to come: Only Ge God, only ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　285, live for God: Gehua, the level of your deception has been weakened.
　　This sentence has been repeated at least three times. At this level, I also want to lead others to convince you that fake Christ is at best
　　It is a star, earning some points to attract flying, attracting more fans. I think Mr. Ge is also able to bear this point.
　　It is this person who publicizes the fake Christian in the bar, which clearly violates the basic truth of the Bible. It is suggested to delete it, Amen.
　　And this person is also a gang of fake Christ gym.
　　"Gehua: Does God have the right to speak now?" The ＾wordofgod￣ is higher than the Bible.
　　"Soy sauce vinegar sesame oil: church members, communism can achieve all this, let us use the party's brilliance to illuminate human civilization.
　　Kubebelik: The ghosts believe in the ghosts of Abraham's religion.
　　
　　286, walking with the teacher: Ge God, who are you? Why are you so contemptuous of God?
　　"Gehua: Because God is created by Ge God.
　　"" with the teacher: How to prove? Are we mortal daring?
　　"Gehua: ＾wordofgod￣ twenty-four 139: God: Ge Hao and the people created the Creator, the Creator created God, God created mankind.
　　"" with the teacher: I hope the world is vigilant, do not mistakenly enter the cult. Whether you can get eternal life depends on your own good business income. In addition, no one can help yourself, and hope to wake up.
　　Emanuel 2125: There is only one God, the Lord.
　　"" live for God: Yang Honghe said that he was saved, and that he redeemed and said that he could be saved. The East Lightning set was set by Li Wang. Today, there is another Mr. Ge, which seems to be a new type of cult. Hope Don't make a mistake again. May God give you a repentant heart, no longer deceived by the false spirit of Christ, Amen.
　　All the family members who saw it noticed that the false Christ had appeared, and the family members who saw it were to be prevented, and to prevent such a catastrophe by the standard of the Bible.
　　"Gehua: When the Holy Spirit passes, God advances with the times - ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"" Live for God: Who said that the Holy Spirit is passing, if you have to favor the absurd words, please continue, as long as you can pay the accounts to God at the time of judgment, it depends on how to face God at the time of judgment.
　　"Gehua: The old stuff of the East is a treasure, now is the ＾wordofgod￣ age.
　　"Live for God: There is only one gospel.
　　The eternal beings are infinite, the finiteness can never replace infinity, the truth is always the truth, the lie is always a lie, don't think that if you lie a thousand times, you can become a truth, then you say this one thousand times. Wood is gold, can he turn into gold?
　　"Gehua: Look at what the ＾wordofgod￣s say? God is not just the Bible.
　　
　　287. Others: What is the true content of Ge Dacheng after God?
　　〃〃乞雑: See ten sentences of neurosongs.
　　"Brother is legend 2016: The surname Ge is a garbage, don't be mad!
　　Claiming that the saints are all fake, all the elves are smashed!
　　Garbage, have you look good, wait! ! !
　　〃〃0K Oxygenane: Found a god stick, requesting a ban.
　　"Chu Mucheng: This will be sealed up by ghosts sooner or later."
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: Ge Yimin¨s ＾wordofgod￣s still have swearing words, laughing at me, it¨s really a neuropathy.
　　fart! Too fart! It¨s really evil, and it¨s a swearing word. Is this the Bible? ? ?
　　A group of jumping clowns who pretend to be saints, anti-sages, and enemies with the saints did not end well.
　　〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Reporting requests to immediately seize the gang of guns and landlords:
　　The gang has spread the cult documents issued in Hong Kong and spread them in the mainland. They use fake fake information scams, use human flesh and other means to intimidate others, and use the threat of violence + robot software to illegally seize the master.
　　It is Ge Wei who is instructing this gang.
　　"The moon" is like a cake: This is a robot buddy. Anyone who carries "Ge Yizhen" or has a similar homonym is made by a robot. I have seen this post five or six times.
　　
　　288, Gehua: 1 question, does God have the right to speak now (scripture)?
　　Living for God: The revelation of God's vision and dream is around the Bible, for the glory of Jesus alone, and to ask you a question, will God's revelation violate the standard of the Bible, and God's gospel is your Can Mr. be tampered with?
　　"" is the legend of 2016: The surname of Ge is a rubbish, don't be fascinated!
　　〃2007chunlu55: Anti-St. Clowns occupying the position.
　　N N N N N N N N N
　　A year old is dead.
　　Blinking is not prosperous,
　　The ＾wordofgod￣s are difficult to relieve.
　　Dog skin plaster is posted everywhere,
　　He also swears and bans.
　　Clearly advertised,
　　Harmful destruction of the street is full of evil.
　　Refers to Ge and anti-Christian alliance.
　　"Black": There is no sin in creation, and there is no merit in salvation.
　　What is gym?
　　
　　289, live for God: You say that Mr. Ge is three levels higher than us.
　　That's right, he is indeed a master of the three-way level.
　　In the holy name of Jesus, the authority of the Father, the power of the Holy Spirit, the release of the sword in the mouth of Jesus, the sword of the Lord, the fire of God's jealousy, the sword of the Holy Spirit, the nuclear power of heaven, and the words of the Scriptures, he The hand assassinates the fast snake, and completely kills the evil spirits that have burned your false Christ. All of them are packed and placed in the bottomless pit. The blood of Jesus is forever banned. In the holy name of Jesus, ask God to pour the spirit of truth. In your body, you can accept Jesus Christ as the Savior in your life, and be able to hold with the head of Jesus Christ, Amen.
　　〃邦痩138: Jesus is God. There is no salvation except him. Don¨t be deceived.
　　"" Brother is legendary 2016: nothing more than to lie to the money, but also a bunch of running dogs!
　　〃薮杏喘薩_Q2WCMNR: You Geshen people are much stronger than Zisheng people, at least have a true face.
　　
　　290, post it, the main small housekeeper: [announcement] on the cancellation of plastic products, the description of the main management authority
　　Received reports from users, the main plastic products in the Chinese sages, plus fine information, verified by the report is true.
　　〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Report: Revelation, the main violation of the law and the fine article for the cult propaganda video, video curse insulted the Chinese mother.
　　It is required to immediately revoke the bar, and immediately block the forbidden post.
　　"Love the Lord is deeper 7: There is also a Bible prophecy, the Lord should also be withdrawn, they are propagating cults.
　　〃穫射-: The surname of Ge¨s evil has a bad report, let your nest brush the screen, a nest.
　　〃〃null: Ge Wei finally stunned you to let you humanize you.
　　〃穫射-: The surname of Ge¨s 汀 嗤 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬 写偬
　　〃〃null: : Can you seal his group and qq? Since the last time I posted him to the big and qq report, this thing has not stopped harassing me.
　　〃穫射-: Zhenjiang Xuefu Road pc, online search.
　　""null: ao, he will be a disciple. Last time, I and his QQ confronted him with a bad voice and made his own voice. He finished deleting it himself, haha.
　　His own post bar number and evil QQ trumpet are clearly positioned in his hometown Hengmei Villa, he insisted on the spirit of a person to block the knife, haha.
　　〃XEQZGFRUMLK: This post has been filed by the public security.
　　〃〃null: How can I teach me?
　　〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Threatened by intimidation.
　　〃〃null: Can you put his group in the same place, this person often publishes human flesh search information there.
　　How to report it?
　　Dear Ge, what is your household registration in the QQ group? How did I report it, but it hurts you to seal a number.
　　Ge Gege, and you Bil and Sina blog are also my work, I am going to bite me.
　　@穫射 What are you doing, why are you afraid of being sanctioned?
　　Do you not know that your account is only incompetent and angry, very angry?
　　
　　291, Gehua: Name: Ge Yimin Year of birth: 1969 Gender: Male
　　Accountant: Is Ge Yimin a saint of Ziwei?
　　Starting method: computer automatically.
　　_ Post bar user _Q2WCMNR: I hope to give her fair and honest look at things.
　　To be honest, I won't look at you. I look at the above picture. I feel that this person has more troubles. This should be a surrender to the shun, and it is possible to recognize Zi Sheng as the king.
　　"" at the end of the show alone: ??No, Gehua, hello.
　　Otherwise, it means that the public opinion given by God is not a solution. In other words, no.
　　"Ming Dynasty 27: Welcome the Master of Ge Dajia to defeat Li Dazhu, and to ascend to the throne tomorrow, will the Feather of the Whites give way?
　　He is the man who is in the Qing Dynasty.
　　"" Dreams are innocent: Haha, funny, I really want to know.
　　〃Star hurricane: six rushes.
　　〃〃暢諒臭表: So backward, I still want to be a saint. The saint is a person who starts to drive up and accelerates before the gunshot. Look at the original fart and use the fart to speed up the use of the app. fart.
　　The face of Ge fart is so sullen, I want to be a saint and I am angry.
　　The face has no positive color and the black scorpion is too heavy.
　　How many worlds are pushed: Ge is in prison, prisoner is being shackled, and injured. In the six-spot position, the most extreme place has nowhere to go. Yangshuo is not allowed to be in the Yin position. If it is not strong, it can be safe, and move, and the son of the child will return to the gram and be hit again. The world itself is robbery, and the thick ominous envelopes its body. White tiger moves, the sign of death.
　　Six rushing six rushes, the tree fell and scattered. .
　　"" Mo asked Jiangshan: You give a violent person to solve! If you look at me, I won't understand it. If you come up, let him go.
　　On the next day of the next year, Shen Ziyu (law enforcement officers) was beheaded.
　　
　　292, unlucky children: Haha, I said, Lao Ge is a personal talent.
　　Can not explain in detail. Because he is more controversial
　　Gehua himself does not know what is going on.
　　"Ming Dynasty 27: Purple for sex can be normal, ideal, but the scale of action will definitely be finished.
　　It is estimated that a group of mad dog-type purple substitutes will die.
　　Xinhai in 2031, Xunzi Year in 2032.
　　〃〃薮杏User_0D6CSE7: Ge old silly carving actually no dog belt?
　　〃Ziqi Dongdong to 63: should be empty. Afternoon 伜 synthesis of fire, venting the world, and Ke Ying children and grandchildren practice. Non-Buddha is not a fairy, but not a Confucian.
　　The venting slogan should be awkward. Go see it yourself.
　　Melon God.
　　No, saint.
　　Not the leader of the three religions.
　　〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Sending a video to ridicule the Chinese mother
　　The landlord gang should be arrested and shot.
　　@從袒衂蝕 What do you think of this gang leader?
　　@從袒衂蝕 You have to direct this gang, what is the bad thing in your mouth?
　　"" Live for God: Look at the paradox of the false Christ Ghost Master, a sacrifice of Christ is a clear teaching of the Bible.
　　The family, beware of the paradox of false sacrifices by Christ.
　　〃〃安虫傲伉: This person is a fool.
　　
　　293, ten strong return: just use your test three words
　　Measure 奸, 奸 , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , , ,
　　"" squid: This is also broken by you, saying good October 1? Is it postponed indefinitely?
　　〃XEQZGFRUMLK: He is a deceived enlightened person, and there are many anti-water people. I can now say that they have captured the Gemin gang¨s merits and made them stand upright. If they are still afraid of the Gemin gang, then I will comfort them. Do you want to help me and the government to arrest the labor reformers twice?
　　〃〃薮杏User_0D6CSE7: Gesha carving has people believe?
　　That Gesha carving is still posting and swindling?
　　〃2007chunlu55: Anti-sage clown, who is with you!
　　〃〃杏杏喘薩_Q2WCMNR: He said the fundamental subject, and his heart was very bright at first glance.
　　Convinced with the sky, Zisheng, ready to be arbitrarily dispatched, and now it¨s okay to continue doing your own thing. Three feet from the ground, there are gods and mouths are the same.
　　SKY 975: What kind of religion, the religious system will go down the historical stage. In today's world, it is all self-satisfied things, and then fool everyone, who will believe that even if someone in China believes, the world will Will not think about it?
　　"" Selling Sunset: It is Zisheng.
　　"There is no regrets in the Ninth Five-Year Plan: The landlord: Don't be obsessed, the world will be turned back to the top, and it will be unsuccessful.
　　
　　294, paste the user _Q2WCMNR: not ＾wordofgod￣! How can you follow your ＾wordofgod￣s?
　　People must have their own thoughts and cannot be brainwashed. What can Geshen feel now? Did he sense when he should return?
　　You are also a good life, whether it is financial or mental, you are more suitable to assist him, you have the foundation of so many years of gods. You enter the WeChat group of the Lord.
　　"Glowing water: Why should you be greedy and clean yourself?
　　〃〃薮杏喘薩_Q2WCMNR: Ge Shen and Zi Sheng are a lot, all here. There are many things you can't understand at all. It's best not to ask about this.
　　I want to worship Gege as a teacher and I can't find him at the moment. I am talking about saints. He is working for heaven and earth. Ignore the saint. Isn't it daring to bully the world?
　　Any cult organization is a communicator of rumors. Who can prove to you that you are not a cult organization, you can bring the lawsuit to the International Court of Justice. This is the new year, just the new year is different.
　　〃 Post bar user_0D6CSE7: 20331126, I know that I have to wait 20 years, I also go to make money first.
　　
　　295, paste the user _Q2WCMNR: There are elephants do not kill to catch ants. Ge Shen is now fat
　　Like an elephant. What is the use of working like an ant to kill them? They can't get the money. Just make a few more elephants.
　　SKY 975: Someone dreams of God, they can become gods, they become God, absurd! If I dream of the Jade Emperor, will I become a Jade Emperor? Who prescribed it.
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: This time you know what is neurotic!
　　SKY 975: I don't know why I allow this kind of thing to be filled with the Internet to spread between the Internet, occupy the apocalypse, and occupy the golden line, as if he represents the real future society of China.
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: This is really hard to say.
　　AA Bob: Ge is a big liar.
　　
　　296, Skyline 975: Ge God uses the blessing of the Bible, the ideal of communism
　　It¨s very popular, and it¨s funny, but some people think it¨s innocent and supportive.
　　〃2007chunlu55: That's right!
　　As much as the goods, the packaging is not ordinary, and the packaging is called God. God does not understand anything, but only uses one side and fakes.
　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Reply ___Watcher ____: He is a deceived enlightened person, there are many anti-water people, I can now say that they arrested the Gemin gang for their merits, so that they can stand upright De. If they are still afraid of the Gemin gang, then I will comfort them. Do you want to help me and the government to arrest the labor reformers twice?
　　___Watcher ____: Roll, I have a flower.
　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: The criminal of the landlord illegally carried and spread the cult texts issued by Hong Kong. After being sealed, it was now circulated here. It was arrested and shot.
　　In addition, the real purpose of Gemin¨s illegal deception is that he himself is seriously ill and can¨t be seriously ill. The videos are all beautiful. The real people are old and can¨t be looked at. They are all aging, and after deceiving the personal information of the believers, Use the evil method to borrow money from the deceived person.
　　A core of yours has been deceived by the anti-water people to report to me.
　　
　　297, paste the user _Q2WCMNR: This Ge is also known as the ability to take the mouth of others to not speak
　　I said everything right. Is it here to watch the fun, or come here to find out the way?
　　"Hua Wei: He is the leader of the cult. Now, apart from those believers, no one cares about him, just ignore it."
　　〃〃杏杏喘薩_Q2WCMNR: This god stick, he said everything is right, I can't go back to reply to his information, he will not let back.
　　Anyone here has real material than him. He relied on some invisible people to lie to the old lady.
　　If you really have the ability, let the family reply directly to you and don't set it. If you have a way to go, you will not come here. If you come, you will have a little sincerity. Put the shelf of your big boss.
　　〃pi0419_: There will be no cult now.
　　However, it is ok to keep it for later people.
　　〃〃圷圷湊匯: Ge tire god actually so many apprentices.
　　"Live for God: After a lot of hardships, it is not easy to get on the position of the Lord. How can I resign? I feel sorry for him. It is a test of a word, and the decline will be prosperous. It seems that the fans of Mr. Gee¨s fans are no different.
　　Well, the family, continue to help the Superman dream of complaining about the Bible prophecy, pull the false Christ Gee from the position of injustice, and let the Bible predict to restore the Holy Spirit again, Amen.
　　Why did Xiaomeng resign? It is said that Mr. Xiaomeng was very prestigious in the past. Not only did he block other people¨s articles, but he also heard that he had sent a video of cursing the Chinese mother. I thought he was restless. It turned out to be the case. It seems that I It is overestimated by Mr. Xiaomeng.
　　298, 緇嚴駅腹: Ge
　　Zhenjiang, who knows his destiny in the past, has a good job and wrote a ＾wordofgod￣.
　　He did not have an accident because it did not have a big impact.
　　Brother, your name is a sensitive word, just rely on this, not simple.
　　"" Others: Ge Shenweiwu! Worship ing
　　"The handsome guy fakes a loss of ten: now I have a list of purple, the sale. A real person may be in it.
　　"" Resonance theme song: Is there a Ge?
　　"Ming Dynasty 27: There is a list of purple, there is no real purple list.
　　"" Resonance theme song: Then I buy.
　　"fffr is on the road: letter ＾wordofgod￣.
　　
　　299, dark network CIA: I saw the old Ge Zheng face video, I laughed out!
　　Hahahaha (when they sneak into the street to spread evil J, let's post a joke.)
　　"" Resonance theme song: We are dealing with flowers.
　　〃pi0419_: Wrong cult! Hurry up! Brain control has been lifted for you, set up enchantment protection, countering countless times! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
　　Gehua has stolen your energy field.
　　Your so-called celestial eye is actually your own energy field.
　　I have asked the curse to protect you all day.
　　〃〃乞雑: Ge Shenyoutian.
　　〃pi0419_: Ge fart has no record, kill!
　　"" God of God: How is the "Ken" of 550,000 words?
　　〃 Post bar supervision hollow: Western Confucianism.
　　"Emanuel 2125: Isn't it afraid of God's Jehovah punishment and fierce anger?"
　　Congratulations to our 2013: Ge Ge Gao Huahua second floor.
　　
　　300, evil spirits will be defeated: You go to search this Ge XX is what stuff
　　Perhaps you don't know much about this sand sculpture. It is a neuropathy of elementary school culture. If you go to Baidu, you can search it, but these are the residual embers.
　　The embers of these neuropathies began to follow us before the Donald Duck. At that time, you didn't pay much attention to it. Because of the neurological problems, no one knows what is incomprehensible.
　　Their usual means is that the surface is a smashing neurotic disease, and the anti-evil is actually spreading propaganda for it.
　　You have to think, if it is a normal person, who will be with such a genius that has no fame and many people have never heard of it? ? ?
　　Anyone who has a relationship with the sand sculpture is definitely not a normal person, and it is purposeful! ! !
　　I have also been a small bar or a small editor. I have always been strict with these **, I hope that you are also highly valued, don¨t be fooled, don¨t let this kind of ** jump in the eyelids, the harm is not less than 5 .
　　〃湘幸鯉圭3: Ok, will pay attention.
　　I just checked it online, they are mental illnesses that are promoted while they are on their own.
　　"" Demon evil will be defeated: With the nature of the wheel, the head is also clawed, but now almost expired, I do not know if it has been released, anyway, began to make waves.
　　〃湘幸鯉圭3: It is a mental illness than pulling the wheel.
　　While passing on, let your own people swear by themselves.
　　〃〃忌美燕: 卓 A guy who is completely unrecognized is often the result of a reverse propaganda effect that causes the curiosity of people who do not know the truth to achieve the purpose of propaganda.
　　〃湘幸鯉圭3: The speculation.
　　In the future, if you encounter it, you will be able to delete the ban and ban it.
　　〃〃圧利圧利宛: It is suspected that this is something that some people go to a spiritual hospital to attract these things.
　　〃湘幸鯉圭3: This person has been following since the previous one.
　　
　　301, loyal fans of the morning: the supreme god, the Lord in the hearts of Christians all over the world
　　In the eyes of Gehua, only two Huahua and Shou, Ge God created each other.
　　"Haledis: Unleash theology (Mussolini and sense).
　　"" fffr on the road: believe in ＾wordofgod￣s, are you going?
　　"Yuyu must be Sheng: I have known him for ten years. Others are not bad, and they are not harmful. If he wants to live, don't have any social influence.
　　〃〃Ming Dynasty 27: Ge wants to climb to the top, knowing that politics is cruel, and the losers are forbidden or die.
　　_Li Yibai: Bull Zheng Liang screams Ge Duo - [Ge Ge God. You are this 猖].
　　〃〃-麭-: The bull collided with Ge pig.
　　_ Post bar user _Q2WCMNR: Ge God you have done so many years of god stick, you do not know there is dark matter? In any case, you also created a martial art. Your head should be enough. There are too many problems in the inconsistency. Is there no fear of dark matter in my heart?
　　He has been a godsman for so many years, and he is jealous in his heart.
　　
　　302, paste the user _Q2WCMNR: Ge God is not a saint
　　I said the god stick, he saw clearly and plainly, he can see, he does not say what you do for him. He is the boss of his own sect, he is not a saint.
　　These two are talents. Liu Yifei herself is not as bad as Ge Shen. The more talent, the better. If Liu Yifei believes in saints, half of the world's women can be safe, and they can calm their hearts and not be impetuous.
　　Buddhist Christian Ge God. It can be said that there are no good people to make do with it. Who is not punishing the whole?
　　
　　303, Selenium MK7: Ge Yimin believes that the big day will arrive, but your foundation is not solid.
　　How long do you practice each day?
　　"Ge Yizhen: Hello, mobile phone notepad reads every day, bus, when working.
　　〃〃寄凛鷲溺淵健繁: Ge God came out, is really still posing.
　　"Ge Yizhen: Hello, really. There is an official website Ge also MIN network.
　　〃〃署幢-: Ge God gave me 100 red packets, I will teach.
　　"Ge Yizhen: poor god.
　　"" Others: I wish Ge God's "＾wordofgod￣" big sale!
　　"Ge Yizhen: Thank you, not for sale, just want people to watch the eDonkey." It is said to preach the gospel.
　　〃〃time legally wonderful: Ge God is you?
　　"Ge Yizhen: Yes.
　　〃〃埴匝爺和0312: Great God, hello.
　　Ming Dynasty 27: I heard about your name.
　　
　　304, Hao Yu will be Sheng: St. Bar is desperate to call the Emperor Men's Ranking
　　Desire makes people crazy. Only by discovering and stopping the evil in the heart in time can you suddenly wake up and return to the shore.
　　Ge
　　Zhenjiang, Jiangsu, the year is not confused, the son is an adult.
　　There used to be a good job, and there was also a momentum in appearance, but unfortunately it was not rich.
　　I wrote a book and published it. It has been nearly nine years since 2011-2019. It is really difficult for him.
　　Now his son, there is a hidden inheritance, which is worrying.
　　"Ten strong return: just by the end of a Christian communism book, I can conclude that it is the creation of the top leader rather than Ge!
　　Dark Net CIA: Lao Ge used to be my DD member. I have not been paid for D for many years and I was expelled directly!
　　Now lead a group of ＾wordofgod￣s and flowers in the post bar to swindle and spread cults - really give me D shame!
　　Lao Ge, you are now the leader of the "Neuro Party"! Enough ＾wordofgod￣!
　　"" Big fat pot: In addition to Ge God no one believes in ＾wordofgod￣s and saints.
　　Dark Net CIA: Do you mean that you don¨t believe in anything other than your own ＾wordofgod￣s? Gehua.
　　See your vibrating face video, very short, you use a standard Mandarin to swear - I laughed out!
　　
　　305, Ming Dynasty 27: Ge God, disrespect, but some of your claims are not in favor
　　There are aliens and alienated lives in the world.
　　Their laws are in violation, and we humans will be partially alive, and some will be severely punished after they die. Buddhism tells a lot about it, and I dare not fight against the heavenly superior government.
　　緇嚴駅腹: The sage's sacred list is mainly to facilitate the Lao Ge people to promote his ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: Let me not say that I am chanting, the ＾wordofgod￣ is a common article, I have to die in the end, because he is not the language of God!
　　
　　306, Xu Xiangguo: Ge Yizhen, you really don¨t want a new moon.
　　If it is not dark, you will come out. If you are really capable and magical, you should let him see the image of the future. You and I do not understand the dream, how he produced it. God has the power to see the vision. People who don¨t even have the truth, lose their parents¨ faces.
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: First of all, donate Ge to save Gehua, and let you know how to understand.
　　I didn't want to care about you, whether it was Gehei or Gehua, because they didn't let me talk, I opposed Gehei's opposition to Gehua.
　　Because black and flowers are big fools!
　　Congratulations to our 2013: You are big black.
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: Do not call God to remove the dross, but also a book, if you call God, nothing is,
　　Because your content is not the language of the Holy Spirit. There is a world of difference with the language of God.
　　What kind of ＾wordofgod￣s of Ge Yimin, if you don't use the title of ＾wordofgod￣s, if you don't call God, you can also say a book.
　　He called God like this, and he was nothing. It was just two pancreas.
　　His ＾wordofgod￣s are not God's words, nor will they talk about life and death. I don't know that "Eden" calls God a fart.
　　
　　307, post user _6S5D2EW64: Ge God do you want to be a saint?
　　In the history? To complete the world of Datong, Datong means no one! Did not teach Buddhism demon ghosts! Really people-oriented! Whoever does it is a saint! Go through your mission!
　　Red Cavalry: The small siege of the gym.
　　〃〃冖嚏巽稼: Looked at the post directory, I feel too entangled, not normal.
　　SOVIET: Bolshevikism was captured by cults.
　　
　　308, pi0419_: The self-proclaimed Ge God, the trumpet is as big as a cow
　　A pair of ugly men and women, touting each other, to absorb the energy of all living beings.
　　Nothing to remember, Bo Xun, like a cannon!
　　Bo Xun, Zhen Bo Xun, is the robot that changed the Jin Suru in the Vimalaki Sutra and used it to be a sentient being.
　　This person is the same as many unmarked business posing as a god Buddha.
　　Everyone must polish their eyes.
　　There is no record of life, that is, there is no real spiritual existence that can never be broken, and it must be extinguished, so as to avoid the destruction of the universe caused by its evil thoughts.
　　
　　309, quasi-theist: Ge Sheng is strong, and now he has not entered.
　　〃2007chunlu55: Even if Ge is a sick god. Nor is it the God of prophecy!
　　"" Poison Borikly: Please analyze this picture.
　　The chain that has not yet broken: Stalin saw the current situation of communism in the heavens and wanted to vomit blood... Then Hitler smiled.
　　"ZhangTaille: Gay, fat house, and the Jesus who was tied to the sickle hammer, the generation of the present left is filled with the "white left". Dalinzi: mmp. Hetler: Hehehe.
　　〃宥-斌瓜撃撃: No Ge God,,,
　　
　　310, Xintian Xindi New City: Ge has an official background, did not see the play
　　Are those patriotic dramas giving him a platform?
　　Strengthening atheism,
　　Fake a god,
　　Blocking the spread of the Fa-rectification is the only meaning of their existence.
　　They live to be defeated and go to hell.
　　As a reference example for others.
　　〃Strategy: This is the ignorance of the behind-the-scenes garbage. How can you use such people to make a fuss, it¨s a street mouse, and it¨s a treasure.
　　〃〃馴爺寄淵繁: Is there a drama to give him a platform? I am ignorant.
　　〃Strategy: I have also seen that the net name is a god and a certain woman, I saw several.
　　〃〃仟爺仟仇仟廓: ＾The goddess Liu Yifei￣, ＾The goddess Shu Qi￣, all of which have been photographed in the third-level film, have appeared several times here, you did not see it?
　　"Seven Masters: This is just the name of their wax chicken fans. Does not mean that they really know Ge Laogou. What is the age of the Ge Laojiao believers?
　　〃〃仟爺仟仇仟廓: Don't be funny, okay, those are me. It¨s not that I¨m impersonating a celebrity. Now, is this situation not prosecuting them? Didn¨t you see these famous stars prosecuting netizens every day?
　　Originally spread misconceptions, wrong values, poisoning young people, isn't this a "reverse"? Finally, I fell into a cult ~~~
　　"Successful people: That guy has a set of pyramid schemes.
　　
　　311, strategizing: Ge, you really thought that his ＾wordofgod￣s would be salvation
　　They are all ignorant of the old lady.
　　I just don't understand that these stars can look at this big fool, is it forced to helpless.
　　Aa00912: There is a set of old women.
　　〃〃Good temper: Why do you want others to hate yourself? I am afraid you are not willing to do this at first? Have you ever thought that others will be kind to you, and you are kind to others? Now, is this the situation you want to see? Looking back is the shore.
　　〃Aa00912: The most garbage people in the whole network! ! ! Obvious cult, Red Hat is still there. . . . If you think about it yourself, you will know what is going on! ! ! Hahaha.
　　〃〃Strategy: Now I know that the inside story is to pretend to be God¨s will, and the scorpion of God¨s willingness to go to communism is the combination of communism and God.
　　AA00912: There are a lot of netizens who have screenshots before! ! Hahaha said that communism was realized in a certain year, but it has not been realized in a certain year! ! Over the face! !
　　Don't be so straightforward! ! Hahaha, many people who don¨t want to wake up will chase you! ! ! Also treat you as a cult. . . The world cannot distinguish between right and wrong, and their blessings and pains are in their consciousness! ! ! Don't blame the saints. . . .
　　〃〃Strategy: Baidu is protecting Ge garbage, I understand.
　　〃仟爺仟仇仟廓: Right, I am not wrong.
　　"" Spoon Star: There is a certain energy in the sky, it is best to hide, think about "Water Margin" Yang Zhi and Niu Er.
　　Aa00912: There is indeed a mother to protect! ! ! Hahaha.
　　〃〃insh001: You ask this evil ＾wordofgod￣, where is your surname? He is finished, Ge, the word can not even touch.
　　They are nothing more than trying to compile you.
　　〃Strategy: I am the kind of person?
　　You are really amazing, your shouts are defeated by you, and you are occupied by the sky. Ge Da is not simple.
　　〃〃insh001: It should be a group of cults. It¨s going to be a prisoner in 110. It¨s going to be a god. It¨s a good thing to eat rice and AIDS patients. The treatment is also good.
　　〃Strategy: This is a matter of time, and it¨s the end of the game.
　　"" Resonance theme song: Ge Shen Zhida.
　　〃insh001: You are ugly, and you can't get along with the words, but also the evil. Where is the confidence?
　　Ge Shen [料舞].
　　
　　312, Gehua: China and the world, need the wisdom of Ge God?
　　〃Strategy: What do you like about Ge garbage? a shame.
　　Ge garbage looks like a devil, you give him a small three feel that there is a face.
　　"" Goddess Shuqi: The letter GYM has eternal life.
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: Look at those Gehei and Gehua, do not have their own language, are the original words of Ge Yimin, are the little liar cultivated by Ge Yimin coach. A group of ignorant people are all religious whites, not accompanying you to a group of wasps!
　　"ktyxc: It¨s terrible. People who eat melons say that cults are harmful!
　　〃〃Unreal Warrior: Who is the fart?
　　〃忌呉焜-: Spiritualism.
　　
　　313, wearing a cake -: What does Gege God do?
　　God is too poor. There are so many loyal followers who push him out from all fields.
　　At first he existed as a world ruler, and later existed as the "first impetus" of the universe, and then exiled to people.
　　The inner world, you admit that God is also an "animal" with flesh and blood. God is tired and doesn't want to be yours again.
　　They are tossing.
　　Ma Zhecai is the foundation of Marxism. You happen to throw away the most important things and replace them with these things.
　　"Ge Yizhen: We are Ge Yishun."
　　"" handsome guy fake a lose ten: Lao Ge, you are amazing.
　　However, it is still normal to return to normal. Some of them violate the correct laws of the world and the laws of the heavens. Go
　　Civil servants, soldiers, or earning money to make a fortune, can give justice after the power.
　　Most people who want to promote the official want to welcome everyone to participate. I hope that everyone can be right and wrong for the people and benefit all beings.
　　"Ge Yizhen: A red heart, two preparations.
　　
　　314, spoon star: Princess must learn Ge Uncle
　　"Don't die the spirit of Xiaoqiang", Ge Dashu lives in insults every day, but it is stronger every day.
　　〃嚼倉從裏: You see his book name also know, this is a **, what is the name is not good to call the ＾wordofgod￣?
　　〃〃Strategy: Ge is actually the person who is possessed by the demon, propagating the rigid demonism.
　　〃wzx55524: Who believes who is finished.
　　〃〃_川呀易: This 慄 (Bull Zheng Liang) how much power does not know, the amount of black fart is really a lot, straight to the first line of network philosophy (Ge Dolphin).
　　"mostloading: Another kind of konjac civil war.
　　〃〃President of the Temple: On October 1st, your home is broken. Have you ever boarded the high platform, opened a door, and led the person who believes him to another place?
　　How did you leave this group of shards?
　　〃Strategy: Ge is now a street mouse, everyone shouts, you still expect him to dominate the rivers and lakes.
　　"" I want to come out of wisdom: ge yi min = virtualization experts.
　　
　　315, the former court of the Comforter: October 10, 2019 is not counted?
　　After a delay of more than ten years, after more than ten years, if you haven¨t died yet, what about decades later? You are not afraid of being thundered by this rough group.
　　〃Psychic life ok: You should repent and believe in the gospel! Get rid of the so-called rule of Ge God.
　　〃〃Ninghai Yuan Chengzhi: It is useless to report Ge, you try to send the Geyi Yimin Chinese character three-character information on Baidu, it is unsuccessful, Baidu platform is also special treatment for Ge, because Ge is Hongmen China A stinky chess piece used by the Masonics, this piece has his use value.
　　"I don't want to grow up. I want to delete one of Ge's posts."
　　"" Human Intuition: Who is the gym? Many of the cults are jokes.
　　"Gehua: Ge God has his own.
　　〃〃Strategy: I don¨t know if you are a fake Liu Yifei or really, advise you to stay away from the cult and get back to your blue ball.
　　
　　316, members of the human intuition: Ge God, in the past, let the gods
　　If you hang on the grounds of heresy, you will really have it forever.
　　"Gehua: Jesus died like this."
　　"You are very 6: But Sakyamuni said that there is no Creator, and the universe is made by all beings."
　　"Gehua: Yes, Buddhism is not a revelation of religion.
　　〃〃認認認13: It is God in God!
　　God never claims to be a self-proclaimed god.
　　Above God is the immortal Jinxian Da Luo Jinxian Shang Xian Sheng Quasi San, etc. What is your slag?
　　"The goddess Liu Yifei: What you said is created by Ge God.
　　""" tactics: Now that you are half a mummy, and want to return to the back, the devil only controls you.
　　When the demon king controls you all, you are not you.
　　"Ninghai Yuan Chengzhi: You guys are really interesting. All of a sudden, the goddess Liu Yifei, the goddess Shuqi, and the goddess Zhang Ziyi, how are so many saints? How many female star saints do you teach? It¨s really frustrating to see the name of the goddess of the goddess.
　　Like this? How many gods do you teach God? Is it too much?
　　〃〃Strategy: It¨s all Ge¨s harem, and Ge¨s garbage is blessed.
　　〃薮杏喘薩_Q2WCMNR: Will Ge Shen listen to Zi Sheng?
　　〃〃乞雑: Ge Shen is three layers higher than Zisheng.
　　
　　317, strategizing: The anointed person is pretending to be the name of God
　　Against the heavens and obscenity, Ge Da fool.
　　That is a few layers higher than Buddha.
　　"Gehua: Three layers.
　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: What about your god?
　　Don't be afraid of others knowing that you are a hidden person, just seal me.
　　I have a screenshot of you replied to the cult geek Ge Min Ge, you can't get rid of it.
　　從從袒衂: We have blacked out your account @XEQZGFRUMLK, but you are still able to sign in to level 4, and you can continue to sign in, which explains what! ! . . .
　　A bunch of people in the post bar have spoken to Gehua, do you have to give a big hat! ! . . .
　　Still eye-catching, do you have eyes? ! You really are a cult organization! ! . . .
　　You, now is not the crime of doing human flesh and others, threatening to threaten others! ! . . .
　　Also, use this vest to fake everyone's so-called "high on the ground" everywhere! ! . . .
　　〃￣geyimingod: Zimei, this person is called Baiyunsheng, the old brand Gehei, trying to use the so-called Geshen data to swindle money, and Ge Paul fight for several years.
　　
　　318, Qiu Yanshuren: Who is Ge Yizhen?
　　￣AtlasTerry: He has a theory of economics, folk songs.
　　Other cults are confusing, he is to sell Meng.
　　Teacher, you forgot, I told you about this website before, it is all cult things.
　　〃〃拍刄慕繁: Neurology, haha.
　　〃AtlasTerry: The ＾wordofgod￣ master.
　　〃〃拍刄慕繁: Who created the gym?
　　"Ge Yizhen: There is always."
　　〃〃拍刄慕繁: None of the students?
　　"Gehua: Own.
　　〃〃拍刄慕繁: Before the universe was born?
　　Can you sum up this way: "Ge Yimin is not a human being, it is completely out of nothing"?
　　"Gehua: There is it at the beginning. at first. Before humanity, before the universe, before God, before the Creator.
　　〃〃拍刄慕繁: Ge Yimin and human "interface", interface, where?
　　If this is the case, then you should not call it "Ge Yimin", it should be called "singularity", thus, it is unified with Einstein's theory.
　　"Gehua: It is a singularity. See the neuro-image book. The interface is the ＾wordofgod￣.
　　
　　319, Qiu Yanshuren: I said you guys
　　Even the most basic logic can't understand. For example, Christianity has God, but in their theoretical system, not "God" personally wrote the "jing", personally to post, but there are bishops, pastors, etc. to do these things. You are good, the "Ge God" who is "not a human being, completely out of nothing" personally wrote "＾wordofgod￣" and then posted it personally.
　　Excuse me, what tools does he use to write "nervous"?
　　"Gehua: Daocheng body, write with the keyboard.
　　〃〃拍刄慕繁: How does the body accept the information of Ge Shen, is it voice information, text information, or binary code, or other coding?
　　"Gehua: Ge Shen is the incarnation of the body, Gehua read the ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"AtlasTerry: Are you born to your mother?"
　　Since Ge Geming is God, he still uses Baidu.
　　"Gehua: See the sermon of the Church of Jesus.
　　My mother only gave birth to my body, and Ge Shenguang shines on my heart.
　　〃〃Puning stone hit: Ge Shenweiwu.
　　"Strategy: You are talking about dogmatism. Ge is like this. If you don't understand the world, there are two in the world, the world is two, the yin and the yang, and the Ge is the road to the yin.
　　〃〃Ninghai Yuan Chengzhi: Your Ge Yimin is not a purple sage, just a stinking piece.
　　〃Strategy: The devil attached to the human body will always say: I am God, you have to listen to me, will not say, I am a demon, you have to listen to me, Ge is a typical magic possession.
　　"Guihua: "You have to listen to him." These five words only appear when God speaks to Moses, Jesus, and Ge Yi. The everyday language is: You must listen to him, and you must obey him.
　　
　　320, Qiu Yanshuren: Summary: the neuro-teacher created the neuro-teacher
　　A bunch of neuropathies are blowing there.
　　"Gehua: 550,000 words of ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"Strategy: The main thing is that Ge promotes dogmatism. He does not have the ability to specifically raise humanity."
　　〃〃乞雑: The spiritual book Yongsheng Book World Datong.
　　￣AtlasTerry: Ge Dashen, you can let the Chinese team win and score the World Cup, I will believe you.
　　"" The goddess Liu Yifei: Not interested.
　　AtlasTerry: It turns out that God is also interested. God and people are different.
　　You are a god, and it is the god of China. You have the responsibility to bring the Chinese men's football to a certain degree of responsibility.
　　It¨s not that I don¨t believe in it. You have to let me believe in you. You always have to do something.
　　God is interested in money, Lippi just resigned his salary of more than 100 million a year, Ge God to try.
　　"" The goddess Liu Yifei: No interest, the god of the world.
　　〃Strategy: I have been stunned by these stars, and I have not been aware of brainwashing.
　　Regardless of whether Ge¨s path is right or not, I hope that human beings will follow the same path. This is a good idea and it is worthy of praise.
　　"" The goddess of the gods Liu Yifei: Everything belongs to the ＾wordofgod￣s of 27 chapters and 550,000 words.
　　
　　321, strategizing: Do not understand, friends do not want to see Gepai?
　　Supreme people can understand that Ge can't save the world, don't be obsessed with it.
　　"The goddess of the gods Liu Yifei: St. everyone recognizes themselves, who will recognize or recognize who?
　　""" strategizing: Then why there are so many star saints for the Ge platform, saying that forced or helpless, the stars are not fools.
　　"The goddess Liu Yifei: Is Ge is not a star?"
　　"AtlasTerry: After reading, I am nervous."
　　"The goddess Liu Yifei: Read the completion of God.
　　"拍拍慕繁: It is funny to see the first sentence. "I am God, you have to listen to him." Personal pronouns are unclear. Who is who, where is it?
　　〃AtlasTerry: How much is your pound?
　　〃〃乞雑: Free gospel, priceless pearls.
　　
　　322, Qiu Yanshu: Isn't God created by Ge Yizhen?
　　Ge Yizhen is several levels higher than God. How can he prove his legitimacy with the god he created? This is a circular argument, nowhere, nowhere!
　　"Gehua: Because the world believes in God, 70% of the world believe. The ＾wordofgod￣s have just revealed.
　　"AtlasTerry: The Gospel is what you wrote."
　　"Gehua: Ge God wrote.
　　""" 塰 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 低断 低断 低断 低断 低断 低断 低断 低断 瓠瓣 低断 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣 瓠瓣
　　Human beings need reforms and specific plans? Where is the starting point, how to change? Are you worthy of the word saint? Is it useful to sip online all day long? Let your friends give you a comment on how many points you can get, so it doesn't work if you can't.
　　"Gehua: There are programs, and the ＾wordofgod￣s are 550,000 words.
　　
　　323, strategizing: Give Ge God a valuable vote, please friends
　　Is it a savior to comment on the fairness of public comment?
　　It is a sincere comment.
　　In order to be fair, Ge Shen can send your ＾wordofgod￣ content in, let your friends appreciate your masterpiece.
　　"Shenhua Emperor: Mr. Ge has been spreading "＾wordofgod￣" for a few decades, and no matter what, endurance is worth learning.
　　〃〃Strategy: This is for sure.
　　Since you are a god, how sacred God is, you must understand it. Is it God's practice to swear? And when you see others saying that you are holy, you will be guilty of your heart and your words will be inferior. Is this what God should do? Please answer positively.
　　You feel that you can give me a score in the post, how many points he can get, practice the truth, and try it if you don't accept it.
　　"Gehua: The sorrow is Ge Jesus, young and young, not Ge God.
　　〃〃Strategy: Explain specifically, where is the starting point for human beings to achieve Datong? What specific strategies to achieve, to achieve the management model after the same.
　　"Gehua: It is a communist society.
　　〃〃Strategy: Where is the starting point?
　　This is an opportunity to give Ge God a debut. Will he let the people of the world take it orally? Wait and see.
　　"Gehua: The 18th, the 21st, the two major (socialized production and the Internet revolution), realize Ge Yishenism, realize the communist society, the material conditions are already in place, only to wait for the spiritual conditions, that is, to update the human mind, The Gospel of Ge Yishen is spread all over the world and accepted by human beings.
　　"" Bright messenger: Ge Dashen, a generation of masters! It¨s a saint, and it¨s a great thing to spread energy for ten years.
　　I voted for a god, but unfortunately not Ziwei!
　　
　　324, strategizing: Ge God claims to be a saint, should be the human handsome
　　He did not do it. Whether he or his son, it is the biggest shortcoming in arbitrarily arranging people. This kind of person who has no ethics, asks how to serve the people of the world.
　　Second, he may be inspired by the spiritual world. He also has a mission. It is possible to contribute to human beings. If you are uncertain about positive energy or negative energy, I have only 50 points here.
　　Third, Ge has a heart, and when others see the saints, they are chaotic, which is not what the saints do.
　　"拍刄慕繁: That is, Ge Yizhen is not a god, just a person who "creates" a ＾wordofgod￣. In fact, you can also write a book "Super ＾wordofgod￣".
　　"" Ge Hua: Ge Shen out of the mountain, has not been recognized by the world.
　　〃Strategy: That is the performance of arrogance, humans do not necessarily recognize you the biggest.
　　In fact, I have long seen that if you do this, it will not cure the world. It is the inheritance of Christ. It can also be said to be dogmatic. Because the last three civilizations have contradictions, it is simple. How do you let The Buddhist view recognizes your point of view. Buddhism is spread all over the world. You can't completely destroy it.
　　The prophecy is that the three religions are one, can you do it with your own Gepai view?
　　"Gui Hua: Unify them, the Communist society, the world of Datong.
　　
　　325, strategizing: Ge God Datong, I agree, just need a methodological strategy
　　Specific solutions, how do you do it.
　　How to bridge the bridge between the three religions.
　　To tell the truth, I am not in conflict with your Gepai practice, all for the bright future of mankind. Is it true that humanity is truly united around you today, is it not that the differences are not the same?
　　So the theory needs to be combined with practice.
　　Just like posting a mess, how to do it, you will admire you, this is the edge of the saint.
　　Work hard, everyone on the Datong Road will do their best.
　　〃2007chunlu55: First place in the demon class!
　　"The goddess Liu Yifei: The ＾wordofgod￣s of the 18th and the 41st (the socialized big production and the Internet revolution) today, realize the Ge Yishenism, realize the communist society, the material conditions are already available, only the spiritual conditions are available, that is, updated The human heart, the Gospel of Ge Yishen, spreads all over the world and is accepted by human beings.
　　"" 塰 瓠瓣 瓠瓣: In this transformation of human spirituality, you will be stumped, so talk about Datong.
　　"Gehua: Promote the Gospel of Ge.
　　〃〃薮杏User_Q2WCMNR: What is he looking for so many saints? The sage is not the captain of the canopy. He is detrimental to the image of the saint, and he is certainly not good.
　　〃Strategy: I said that Ge Shen can only be a saint of half a country. This is true. He can't solve the Buddhist problem.
　　
　　326, strategizing: The so-called dreams of Ge Shen are basically fictitious
　　Trustworthy, unbelievable, unconvincing, and it is not appropriate to say that you have the name of a saint and say that there are four saints.
　　"Gehua: Geshen dreams are real dreams, this affirmation, vision book.
　　"AtlasTerry: Ge Yiming's name is from a mortal, how can it be high?"
　　"Gehua: Daocheng is in the flesh.
　　〃〃瓠瓣瓠瓣: Gepai is a bridge connecting with Buddhism. The two are mutually inclusive and coexisting. The two are one and the same, and they are not far from the three religions.
　　The three religions complement each other and drive the human race into a virtuous circle.
　　"Special collection of the holy: tell Ge Dasheng, do not ask for Meng Tong, let Meng Tong Qiu, there are real scriptures are still afraid of no one to read."
　　This is only in the sky, and it will never pass without Daxian.
　　
　　327. Feeling ai: Is it Ge Yimin who converted the Bible?
　　Wait for Jesus to come back to judge that thing!
　　〃〃乞雑: Ge Shen is Jesus coming again.
　　"Mu Jiu Ge: The Lord, the ＾wordofgod￣s come, and all of them are kicked, or they will be destroyed."
　　"" has not paid just: Is there a few believers in the church?
　　Others: Billions of the world.
　　〃〃hy835230: The miraculous signs of Gelian¨s disease can¨t be shown, how can it compete with Christianity?
　　"Gehua: ＾wordofgod￣ twelve 114, the family of Jesus is also sick and dead. Muhammad¨s four sons all died.
　　〃〃從丗惜繁: If you use religion to overthrow you think it is a religious post? Ok, now people are really inexplicable.
　　〃AtlasTerry: The name of the ＾wordofgod￣ is not yours.
　　Are you proud of being born Chinese?
　　〃〃乞雑: The Word of God, the Son of the World.
　　〃ktyxc: The barkeepers are all convinced of the lord? nobody?
　　
　　328, Love, Seven Continents and Four Foreign Baby Boys: The "Ge Xie" Strongly Recognized by the People
　　That's what Clone Group supports! The demon head was cloned to allow Christ to come, that is, the antichrist "lamb" in the Bible Revelation. Ge Xie was prepared in advance,
　　To take the purple sage in the prophecy,
　　They control the exchange of information, cultural knowledge, and various civil liberties,
　　"Phoenix Tree 30: This impersonation of Ge is divine, he is just an antichrist who the devil runs in his heart; we need to see if he has given him the venomous ability to perform magic No; it seems the devil is darker than before, as the Lord Jesus showed me in his dream.
　　"Remaining 1: Read like the Republic of China. . .
　　However, I did not understand what was said. . . . .
　　"God of God": You have the level, the high school teacher said that like Lu Xun, ＾wordofgod￣ excerpts.
　　〃 Live for God: Hello @evangels suggest that this person be banned, this person is here to spread the false Christ gym.
　　
　　Chapter 329: Leftover 1: "Nervous" does have the style of "The Madman's Diary" in it
　　"Strategy: My point of view: Ge should be regarded as a descendant of Christ, but also be a continuation of the teachings of Christ, with a heart of salvation in the world, but currently there is no way to save the world, exploring.
　　"" Post it user _Q2WCMNR: Ge Shen's people are much stronger than Zi Sheng's people, the truth of others is not afraid to see. The people of Zisheng are afraid of being sneaky.
　　The devil is powerful, the saint is small. It is good to be able to come out to the Saints. Reality needs protection. Find your inner faith.
　　You guys bully people everywhere.
　　"Strategy: The future is a world where religions fit together, and Ge Sheng is the leader.
　　Do not follow a single dogmatism, use the best of all factions, for the benefit of all mankind.
　　Ge Hua: Chapter 10 Declaration of Christian Communism
　　There are also Buddha and Nietzsche thoughts.
　　
　　330. Dong Qingyi: I need to find a bar service to deal with Ge Fart specifically
　　Anyone can try to prevent these cults from harming others.
　　This person must have time, always be online, and have a deep understanding of Ge Fai, a cult organization. .
　　Xiaojin, I decided to use you. Remember that your important task is to control the invasion of Ge Fart. Do n¨t mess with these cults, can you? .
　　〃 Little dwarf seeds: Brother Dong, I've been seriously ill these days, I'm afraid I can't, thank you for your kindness.
　　"Dong Qingyi: 66 of the ＾wordofgod￣s, a nonsense, that is not what God wants, God wants people to be holy, not indulgence and fornication!" .
　　Ge Hua: Now the society has developed towards Ge Shen's thought.
　　"" Zsz0066: There is no need to shout and kill Ge Shen, even the official Wu Mao doesn't take him seriously. What's the point, just be an old man clinging to his dream. Now it's a rhetoric. It's strict everywhere, not just holy humans.
　　Sasa3663: Everyone has this.
　　
　　331. Post it user _Q2WCMNR: The saint has no organization, Ge Shen
　　Organized and very complete. The organization of a saint is these perfect little cells. Without organization, it is possible to gather organization at any time.
　　"Joseph 0 Stalin: What about the Lord? Ge Jun broke into disregard.
　　〃 Operations: You can have a good management mode after the 10,000 teachings are unified. It is still not chaotic, and you can use nine consecutive ways.
　　Ge Hua: Communist society.
　　"Bitter sea duckweed: There are three or four people in his family, and each person has 20, 30 trumpet.
　　"Unlucky child: Ge Ge, tossing for so many years, it's okay, not easy. Purple, everyone has it. . .
　　"Bitter sea duckweed: Continue to cheat, it's trivial to go to jail, you see in a few years.
　　〃 Unlucky child: Everyone is neurotic, afraid of going to jail? People who do n¨t toss need not go to jail? To be honest, I also annoy them but admire them. Hundreds of people have a variety of lives.
　　"Bitter Sea Duckweed: It's the same as this one. If you don't block the Gewei name for a long time, then you will have to block it too."
　　
　　332, He An Poor and happy: The false gods of the grid falsely confuse the public.
　　In addition to creating the Creator, what does the false god create?
　　〃 Post it user_Q2WCMNR: He is not a sage. The sage is a big slacker. He is poor and lazy. Ge Yiming is as busy as a straw hat all day long. How can he be at ease and who is he saint?
　　"" Rainbow Island 28: Hey, it is ge Yimin.
　　〃 Strategy: You should say that heaven and earth, Ge Shen has exclusive respect.
　　"Purple Purple Man: My God ... There are ghosts of Ge Shen everywhere."
　　"Fuji Erhua: You are the legendary cultist hahaha.
　　"Philosophy Wang Xiang: Is this still blowing some people?"
　　"A good point: Ge Shen is much stronger than him. An upright person who wants to be called God is called God. He must be a torii.
　　〃 Strategy: Maybe our things have something in common, and that is to build a world of unity. For example, Ge Shen is also this goal. If we can come together, it is also a blessing to all beings.
　　
　　333, yubaozen: There is a Ge or something quite "fun"
　　Is there a cause or effect of being scolded and "developed" by future generations? Do you see the "past" slaves being scolded by the slave owners every day, have the offspring "developed"? Of course, part of saying "yes" is that a person is scolded every day and does not get angry because he is scolded.
　　Similarly, when excluding someone. . . But it still depends on the whole person.
　　Special Envoy of the Galaxy 009: Ge Hua, your avatar makes me uncomfortable. Saying that you are a spiritual hound, you must have a spiritual sticker.
　　〃 Love and light la la la: Hahaha, what a god Ge is.
　　"Live for God: It is recommended to ban this person. He is here to promote the false Christian cult Ge Yiming.
　　"Jiu Gong Ge Fang 3: Ge Cult, also opened a member to ban me from scolding.
　　
　　334. The hanging ground: the gym (referring to the true god) is a good education
　　Nanjing University seems to have participated in the student activities of the Heisei year before graduation.
　　〃 Blank: Geshen Weibo is blocked, grief.
　　"Super Homo sapiens: What is the religion of God, Taoism?
　　"Yunben Aiqiushan: Talk about Hey, maybe I will go with you Ge Shen.
　　"Congratulations to our 2013: 550,000-word" Nervous ".
　　"Yunben Aiqiushan: It is really ＾wordofgod￣-thinking to believe this, and the title is the pen of God.
　　Congratulations to our 2013: The Word of God.
　　"Fuji Erhua: If only one third of this story is good for your missionary experience.
　　"Congratulations to our 2013: Only ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　335, Dong Qingyi: It is enough for us to have the Bible. No ＾wordofgod￣s are needed.
　　It is your conspiracy that you want to replace God's inspired Bible with something messy and messy. It's your God. You won't ignore it. Wait for perdition. Now repentance is the right choice. .
　　God is supreme God, what else do you have besides prostitution? .
　　"Aiyama Aiyama: I believe that you are like zombies whose brains have been invaded by viruses. Without their own thoughts, they are really poor.
　　"God of Armies Turns Back: This product is still being promoted ...
　　
　　336 、 Da Mengxin: Ge Shen, you are happy
　　If you think you have n¨t got it yet, do yourself a good job. If you think you have got it, then tell your way to teach the world. As for everyone's free judgment and judgment of right and wrong, no one criticizes you because you are wrong, because you are also contributing your own strength to the goodness and harmony of human beings, or the one that does not ask for returns.
　　〃 Bilingual 獏 獏: It is a normal phenomenon for holy humans to post all kinds of prostitutes, which is also a problem that cannot be stopped at present. This is not the reason why Post Bar was blocked.
　　For example, the Gehua series, as long as they comply with the regulations, the country is allowed, and the owners do not have to work hard for them. If the country does not allow it, the system has long banned all their large and small numbers. It's that simple.
　　Because their behavior is already well known, everyone knows that it is just a spring dream of a poor man, so there is no need to verbalize or ban or delete posts.
　　If the country is concerned about this matter, it has already begun, and there is no need to post it. The owner will ban the deletion of posts.
　　As for the other purple substitutes, let alone their dreams. They are all human beings. They always want to give people a wish, and they don't have to rush to kill them.
　　"Resonance theme song: 550,000 words on the ＾wordofgod￣, the official website, not only a spring dream.
　　〃 Unpaid just now: wait a minute, if you have tangible facts, just trust him.
　　
　　337. Ten-year holy bar summary report: two basic estimates.
　　1. It is estimated that the saints believe that they are the only sacraments of Lagerstroemia indica. Everyone else is a false saint, and women also consider themselves saints, not saints.
　　It is because the virtual Lagerstroemia saint does not have a real person, and is calculated based on prophecy, causing this strange phenomenon.
　　2. It is estimated that Saint Barbara's friends are all neuropathy, most of them are dominant, have been hospitalized, a few are recessive, have not been hospitalized, and do not even take medicine.
　　Otherwise, pay attention to the saints, India, history and more fun, but also learned knowledge.
　　A normal person, who would consider himself a saint? It's the Creator who started. As for the beginning, since everyone confessed to be the Creator, Vege God confessed to have created the Creator.
　　A group of the lowest hanging silks dreamed of the mountain as emperor.
　　Lagerstroemia miraculous prediction hurts many people:
　　@ 碕 紐 勵勵 I haven't been to work for several years.
　　NR and others do not marry, wait for the non-existent maiden.
　　Wang Zhe, Zhang Jie, and so on Liu Yifei, the same reason.
　　I Ge Yimin advised the saints: a red heart, two preparations.
　　〃 Daughter of Heaven: Well, it seems to make sense! You have been observing for ten years? It's not easy!
　　"Congratulations to our 2013: Sammy, India, watch the news, history, and history, you can learn knowledge and have fun, holy YY, it seems that you can't learn anything. The hexagrams you test, in my opinion, are pre-written sentences on the website or APP, arranged randomly.
　　Because I was listed in the top ten (the earliest ten saints), I paid attention. Of course, there are some Wizards in Santa Barbara. This is the only highlight of Santa Barbara.
　　"Dawn at dawn: Ten years? Burdock, admire, five body throws.
　　Ten years, if you specialize in avenues, you may already be sanctified.
　　"Resonance Theme Song: Proven Christian Communism.
　　"Oath to save your people: Daxian is so good, what about it, I'll see it later, thank you for your notification.
　　〃 Geyimingod: Sumei Daxian's name is accepted.
　　"" De Hip-hop: In fact, I just want to ask, where do so many actors come to rogue.
　　In real life.
　　Ge Hua: Ge Shen is a star.
　　"Wushan Yunyu 1217: Demon Guo.
　　
　　338, Dong Qingyi: Write a book? Write an evil book that hurts people? If so, it can only hurt others.
　　"Little Titan 80: Ge has been arrested by the government? !! If it is true, can the government do this?
　　Lao Ge's fame is so great. It is already his word that many hexagram masters have not measured him accurately? Still have to wait until today? !! I see him hanging.
　　〃 Not a real username: In fact, destiny is just a step-by-step difference. You need to see the form, where the future is going, and religion has already gone, but people ¨s hearts are still obscured. If you have the resources to create a new idol, use traditional religious methods to spread it. The new thinking is also a good destiny, remember that the failed experience of traditional religion cannot be repeated!
　　There is a problem with the basic motivation of the sanctification team in the bar. It is either cheating money or cheating or pursuing political interests, so it will not be successful. If the god of singing simply wants to become a god, it is good, so that the god of singing does not copy the Bible. Yes, it ¨s not difficult to write two books, one is called the New Capital Theory and the other is the New Government Theory. Spend some money to find a professor in an American university. Believe me that the United States is the soil of becoming gods. The world has entered a period of reflection of violent thoughts, but the American people need to be released, new gods are needed. Imagine the picture of a Chinese sage to rescue the American people.
　　Song God, I can only help you get here ...
　　"Computer Player Jack: The Bible only mentions that someone is trying to deceive in the name of Christ. What you do is in line with the Bible's prophecy.
　　"Dong Qingyi: Rest assured, no matter how hard he works, he can't be holy, salted fish is salted fish. . .
　　
　　339, Dark Web Hee Hee: Old Ge Jige's "Jinshan's Golden Mountain"
　　it's so funny! (Welcome them a lot to entertain the public, rather than create rumors and scold them).
　　〃 2007chunlu55: Xiang Ge Yimin said bad, but said a lot. It ¨s not fast!
　　All of Ge's ＾wordofgod￣s are old, sick, dead, eating, drinking, drinking, Lazar, and sleeping. Pediatrics!
　　"Ge Hua: Have you read the ＾wordofgod￣ catalog?
　　
　　340: Puning Rock Hit: Ge appeared early
　　At that time, the Chinese sage went back to rest and he appeared, and all were sealed. . . Ge is a fool. . .
　　〃 Wolfman Wong Jie: For a list like Super Xiaoxiao, several other netizens are the participants with huge profits. At present, the Internet philosophers who post bars have IQ, time, and related post bar packages. There are only a handful of people who can take this job. The main ones are StrongArt, Ge Yimin, and Sole 13.
　　"Resurrection of Soul of the Sword: Oh, Ge Thinker finally came out, Jiu Yang, Jiu Yang! Here are talented, talented, talented people, Ge thinkers can be in chapters or longer, everyone exchanges,
　　2007chunlu55: Ge Yimin couldn't tell the principle of the Bible Revelation, and he didn't know what "Eden" was.
　　His ＾wordofgod￣s had visions, not God's words at all. It was purely a theory of one end, saying that God cannot live forever is a big liar!
　　No Christian knows Eden,
　　Even Christians do n¨t know, like Ge Yimin and other flowers.
　　So Pueraria is a liar and a liar.
　　Do you think writing a ＾wordofgod￣ can save human beings and water and fire?
　　It ¨s said here that you do n¨t understand.
　　＾wordofgod￣s are acquired and move in a straight line. There is no energy for just one article.
　　Each flower gate and each people have no way of knowing the word. On what grounds is it called God?
　　[Wen Xing in all directions] But Wen Xing is not a saint. Is it just a saint who writes articles?
　　It's really sprawling before it's really fake, it's not deceiving.
　　There is no such thing as a bow and a spirit for each people. He is not a saint at all!
　　Ge Yimin was not enlightened at all, and as can be seen from his article, he did not know [Eden]
　　How can you grow up?
　　Ge Yimin did not have enlightenment, did not have the Tao, and did not have [Gong Yi Ling Fu]. He actually called the Holy Name God. This is deceiving the public and deceiving the heavens. As long as I'm here, your conspiracy of Ge Hua will not succeed.
　　Ge Hua has captured the apocalypse, it is nothing more than to preach the liar Ge Yimin.
　　
　　341, 2007chunlu55: Ge Shen, no matter what doctrine you write
　　If you are not enlightened, and you do n¨t have the word, do n¨t call God, call Holy, etc.
　　If you say that God calls you holy, you are a liar. If you are a liar, you will be spotted sooner or later.
　　Like Ge Yimin, not many people believe in your false god.
　　Ge Yimin doesn't even know God, and still wants to be called God?
　　Therefore, if you want to say that sacredness must be enlightened, you ca n¨t understand sacredness without enlightenment? !! You do n¨t know the sacred language?
　　Now you know? !!
　　He does n¨t have purple, it ¨s just a childish neuropathy. Purple is the word.
　　I also want to surpass Zi, even the old horse's apprentice is not, a broken literati with neurosis.
　　Ge Huas: Ge Yimin doesn't know that in "Eden" you can't grow up with him blindly. If you don't wake up, you will miss your life.
　　Don't hurry back. !!
　　I do n¨t talk about my sutras anymore, the ＾wordofgod￣s are ordinary articles, and they will not die in rotation, because he is not the language of God!
　　The prophecy did not prophesy him, and your followers are useless!
　　I do n¨t even understand the meanings of ＾God￣ and ＾God￣, I do n¨t even know ＾Eden￣, and I ¨m so shameless.
　　It's really the best thing to do. it is ridiculous!
　　If you go to the crematorium, where is the sacred word? It is worthless to say that you have to go to the crematorium all your life.
　　Out of the world is the Taoist. Like Ge Yimin ¨s broken [＾wordofgod￣] Let alone jump out of the world and even the old, the sick, and the dead are still there
　　Is this the most common language on earth, but also God? It's the acquired language that doesn't even sound of farting.
　　I do n¨t know anything about religion. The broken articles are all old and sick, eating, drinking, drinking, sleeping, and sleeping, but also sacred and religious.
　　Not suitable for religious shoes. Those who believe in Christ do not have eternal life, and they return to Christ as preachers. Is n¨t that pitting people?
　　No one who believes in Christ understands the Bible. They all misrepresented and misinformed and did not know the true meaning of God.
　　Some also promote what is liberating, so blind understanding without understanding the meaning of God will become evil!
　　〃 Shenhuadi: I think we should pay more attention to the advantages of people. For example, Ge Jiazhuo can do well if he is a social e-commerce.
　　
　　342, Ge Hua: Standard for saints: book and official website.
　　Otherwise, what should be used to educate the people?
　　〃 Douban netizens: Ge Yimin has contacts with foreigners.
　　〃 Post it user_Q2WCMNR: Where is he? Is it the position of the Buddha or the position of the Buddha? Is it a sage or a saint?
　　"Ge Ge: The position of the Creator.
　　〃 Co-justice: The pot is a traitor and a traitor.
　　"2007chunlu55: Even if the word [God] doesn't speak, it's not ＾wordofgod￣s. Coquettish!
　　Ge Yimin's three words cannot be called God, not God, because he is a people. What kind of god does the people of eternal people call, and what Creator is called?
　　He didn't meet the prophecy. He couldn't hit 10,000 poles. Fame and Fortune Neurosis!
　　
　　343, Karro ， J: Ge Shen has no contact information and wants to get started.
　　"" The wind blows grass and listens: Your family Ge Sheng is enchanted.
　　〃 Post it user_aQPCCSE: You have to listen to him.
　　Why should we listen to him? If I haven't seen such a silly coin for so many years, I want to direct us to at least have some brains.
　　〃 XEQZGFRUMLK: gang members who endanger society, clamoring for family members to be officials in the physique, relying on the umbrella officer to support the record, has always done no evil, released people under the appearance of ugly behavior to vilify the Chinese, use false names to fabricate heresy and superstition to deceive the elderly and children , Spreading cult texts issued in Hong Kong illegally, threatening human flesh with threats and insults, clamoring for possession of firearms, preempting the Lord to indulge foreign teachers.
　　
　　Chapter 344: Purple Beauty and Purple Beauty Powder
　　Zimei, always in Hongshalou is not an issue, so I started this post.
　　In fact, we have always wanted to communicate with you. We are Ge Hua and your fan. You are Ge Hua's favorite person.
　　The prophecy did not directly refer to the four words "Sage of Lagerstroemia indica", but the new word "Sage of Lagerstroemia indica" connected by Lagerstroemia and saints has been recognized. Now friends of YY are these 4 words, and the first ten saints are also 4 words. (Ge Shen is on the list, which is why we pay attention to this word.)
　　Of course, sometimes called "Ziwei Sage", these two words of Chinese COM domain names, we have been squatting and do websites.
　　The origin of specific terms, you know, I wo n¨t say more.
　　Now ask you Zimei, right? The only "sage" that everyone believes will be out of the mountain. Do you think there is this person?
　　〃 @ 從 袒 衂 蝕: Reply to the great holy fans: Which prophecy has these four words? !! . . .
　　
　　345, Ge Hua: We are the gods of universal salvation and communist life.
　　Ge Shen is not as stingy as Jehovah and saves some.
　　〃 Karro ， J: I have seen it, but it feels so.
　　Too much imitate the Bible model, the whole article is nonsense. If the new era really comes, I estimate that the Bible will be burned. The Bible is better to believe than to believe, but it is a pity that the good girls have gone awry.
　　Ge Hua: Modern Bible, the catalogue is published downstairs.
　　〃 2007chunlu55: The world has foretold a holy one, and Ge Yiwan's hands can't scratch him. He can't even stick to the side of the prophecy, and he is arrogant!
　　
　　346, Superman Xiaobiao: All Saints, learn Ge spend spare time YY
　　Normal working life.
　　A red heart, two preparations.
　　In case you are not holy.
　　〃 Big fat pot: Gehua, so I am!
　　"" Hundred Years of Solitary Peng: Ge Huaer's mentality is very good, which is rare.
　　Yes. Smart people will not be affected by prophecy, how to live or how to live.
　　〃 Superman Xiaobiao: @ 碕 紐 勵勵 Waiting for the emperor every day to stay out of work for a few years. NR, etc. marry the maiden, not marry.
　　Does not affect work and life, there is no harm in having a dream. You believe that you will be a mountain emperor and marry Liu Yifei. If you do not work or marry, you are predicted to hurt you.
　　I hope everyone is sensible. Since one person is prophesied, then thousands of friends in Santa Barbara may not be, and they cannot be considered 100%.
　　"Dark954444: Wow, new Gehua, new image!
　　"Superman Xiaobiao: That red sand, all meals, and the money borrowed from Shangui.
　　There is also the future emperor of Nantong, who is determined to be a global emperor and will not marry.
　　These people have been hurt by prophecy for years.
　　A hanging wire, wishing to use the prophecy to become the emperor to marry Liu Yifei.
　　Hanging wire has only worked hard, and the family has a normal life.
　　The saints have to think: What if I am not a saint? Actually it is ten thousand.
　　Saint bar friends, after more than 10 years, more than 10 bars, since 2012, every year is the year of the mountain. . . . . It is now 2020.
　　Baidu search ！ In 2013, the relevant search was: "Sages 2013 came out of the mountain". . . Then 2014 was the same. . .
　　There are still people looking for Liu Yifei, and even more, they asked Liu Yifei to find him.
　　the most serious:
　　Those who ca n¨t commit suicide without going out of the mountain, such as 20150101, commit suicide without going out of the mountain, and let the world perish.
　　I ca n¨t marry a saint, and commit suicide, such as @ job80
　　"" Mud raising flowers: What a miserable! It is estimated that there are many victims we do not know.
　　〃 Dark954444: Hmm, there's more! Do not blame the prophecy, blame them for greed.
　　"" Packed up and called holy: Ge Dasheng was self-individualized or by whom? Began to cross myself.
　　"Big Fat Pot: A good girl wants to marry a saint, of course mortals don't look down on it; a good man wants to marry Liu Yifei, of course, people around him look down on it."
　　
　　347, 2007chunlu55: Geshen, don't call him God for fear of hurting you!
　　Anyone who cheats Ge Yimin will bear the cause and effect, and end sadly!
　　When people really come out, they will guide people to destroy the Ge ＾wordofgod￣!
　　It's so funny, even the language of God is not eternal, a group of funny people!
　　"Specially Packed and Sacred: Is Ge Dasheng Self-individualized or Whose Point is it? Began to cross myself.
　　"Bcbcbc341111: Don't take the rhythm. Lao Ge doesn't have that kind of life as a leader at first glance. There is a kind of cunning peculiar to Chinese farmers. Only three people can survive this kind of thing. He is very insistent and upright, like Shakyamuni, a special thief, and has a holistic view. Like Lao Tzu, he takes seriously the problems left by his predecessors, Confucius, and the problems left by Confucius, Wang Shouren.
　　God God: I am a Christian. Because of my dreams and visions, I confess to Christ that I want to realize communism.
　　The Qur'an has been read through, but the Bible is in line with my thinking and more in line with my vision.
　　In China, work is for life only.
　　Have a dream, a life, and encourage each other.
　　
　　Chapter 348: God Talent Xiao Qiao: Brother Ge invited
　　I will ask you a question, do you accept that you are Lagerstroemia indica?
　　Dizzy, made a big mistake. Disrespectful disrespect. Do you accept that you are a Lavender saint?
　　Ge Shen: Hello, Xiao Qiao. I went online in 2001, Christianity, and later wrote a book on my own. In vision (dream): "I am God, you listen to him (refer to Gym)." Think of yourself like Jesus.
　　In 2006, I first saw the Ziwei Sage article and thought it was a personal name (such as the net name, I don't accept it, don't take it for granted).
　　After seeing me as one of the top ten saints, I followed Zisheng. There is also the reason of my good friend @ greenhouse in Sayuri, pay attention to the Chinese saint (Actually, before the owner (Solomon), I posted a post "Nervous", using a machine to post, and the latter one said to delete this post, Just didn't go).
　　I don't believe the prophecy. It is ridiculous to say that the Tang Dynasty people knew the Gang of Four.
　　I don't believe in the hexagrams, I think that the website has written many sentences in advance, randomly combined. This has been said to Su Mei (rabbit) and San Niang, and also to Zi Mei, Zi Mei said I am an amateur.
　　I don't think I am a Lagerstroemia indica, I don't recognize the name.
　　The cyber domain names of Ziwei Sage and Ziwei Sage, which I rush to register, are also the reasons for being named the top ten saints.
　　I believe in God and I think I am like Jesus because of my visions and dreams.
　　"＾wordofgod￣" is Christian communism. The first 26 chapters of the canon have almost no content of the purple saint. The second chapter of the second chapter of the netizen commentary has the purple saint information.
　　
　　349, 2007chunlu55: It ¨s holy to get a broken net?
　　Still fame and fortune neurosis is making troubles. If you make a thousand layers of nets, you will not be holy or holy. I looked at Ge Yimin's website and smiled at me!
　　"Dugu Xiangxiang: Some experts predict that it is in Zhenjiang, Jiangsu, and the water is a golden mountain.
　　〃 Yu Tian: I think it ¨s Ge.
　　"Zhao Xin produced the flesh: He is God, he is Ge.
　　"Shencai Xiaoqiao: Brother Ge, I suggest you keep making your ＾wordofgod￣s. Although I didn't read a word, I absolutely support it. Of course, just suggestions. What you want to do, no one can stop, except God of Lagerstroemia.
　　Ge Shen: Hello, Xiao Qiao, of course, I do n¨t even think who is the Purple Saint. If there is a Purple Saint, I think I am the Purple Saint.
　　I would rather confess Christ than sage.
　　"Justice: An Agent of the Freemasonry of the Antichrist American Emperor.
　　
　　350, the messenger of the wind 07: Ge Shen, the original thought, yes, rice cook tease.
　　If you look closely, it turns out to be a magic stick.
　　Just secretly preaching, so high-profile all day, pulling people into the pyramid scheme.
　　Fearing that he would not be caught, he provoked leaders everywhere.
　　He has now been arrested and is still restless.
　　Do you want to accompany your leader upstairs?
　　Support you to go to court to sue, to sue sooner, and to go in early to accompany the leader.
　　Hehe, the show is funny, and those who dare to teach shoes go to court to sue Zitou.com.
　　I'm afraid I won't be arrested, huh, sue.
　　I support.
　　Do some shoes to cheat a few flower girls, donate a little money, just know it yourself.
　　I'm afraid to not get caught when I go to various websites all day long to carry out propaganda.
　　I was arrested, and I was afraid that no one would accompany your leader and continue to flicker.
　　It was really too deep.
　　Just now Baidu gave a talk to your leader.
　　It ¨s all about teaching shoes and building the party. Isn't this looking for excitement ~
　　I think it's really too easy to live, to challenge leaders. Hehe, I know a lot now.
　　The court's door was open to support the landlord to go up.
　　I'm afraid I won't be able to return if I go.
　　〃 Moonlight Dust 1: China's biggest weakness is that there are many myths and the second is that there are many god sticks. This is a nation that lacks common sense and rationality, so there are so many myths and ghost words, so there are so many witch doctor god sticks to pretend to be ghosts. Today 'reform' the culture and tomorrow 'spread' that belief. Their 'theory' is that they cannot accept modern common sense without thoroughly 'transforming' Chinese people's brains.
　　"Zhan Han 42: Hehe, he is still an elder brother, and Jiangsu is also rich in liars.
　　"Undead Wizard: Nervous? ?
　　"Emperor's Explanation: I told Ge Yimin aloud that sacrificing justice together is Satan's belief in deceiving the world. When you were Satan into your body when you were young, you can see that you have a connection with it. Almighty God will save all who can be redeemed, give up your dreams and return to the path of God.
　　
　　351. Zhang Tianzhi, President of Theological Church Malaysia: Christian, culture and education of modern church
　　Tired of stepping on the high side and stepping on the low side.
　　Looking forward to contacting you.
　　Ge Yimin: Brother is safe!
　　Questions can be explored in this mailbox, the pursuit of truth, the search of the true God.
　　Ge Yimin
　　"Zhang Tianzhi: Teacher is safe!
　　Modern people live in emptiness, loneliness, and chaos because they have lost themselves and cannot find the existence of God.
　　The origins of religions are for themselves, keeping themselves out of the business.
　　Many people lose themselves in traditional religions because they cannot see the existence of God.
　　This world needs a truly powerful person to stand up and lead everyone to Him!
　　Thank you!
　　kelvin chong
　　"Ge Yimin: You can write this book, you can see my" Nervous ", the official website is the latest updated version.
　　"Zhang Tianzhi: I will read it carefully, I have already read it before. Teachers have no believers here in Malaysia?
　　Would you like a convener to set up a club here?
　　Ge Yimin: Okay, you should be the President of Theocratic Malaysia. Zhang Tianzhi, President of Theocratic Malaysia.
　　"Zhang Tianzhi: Please ask the teacher to give him more information so that he can get ready.
　　〃 Ge Yimin: The classic is ＾wordofgod￣, the main website is http://www.gegod.com
　　There are a series of website links on it.
　　"Zhang Tianzhi: If the teacher can come to Malaysia, it will greatly thrive here. Lead more people to escape this illusory world.
　　I will be ready and invite people to participate. Thank you, teacher!
　　How many believers are there with the teacher?
　　Ge Yimin: There are more than 100,000 people in our theology who believe in secret and do not disclose it.
　　"Zhang Tianzhi: Leader, what do you tell me?"
　　Ge Yimin: Our purpose is to preach the gospel. A series of linked websites on the official website of the Church of God http://www.gegod.com. You can post them on the forum, save some people, and have eternal life.
　　"Zhang Tianzhi: Yes, the leader, I will try my best to promote the gods.
　　"Ge Yimin: Tianzhi, open a forum in our forum [Divine Religion Malaysia Federation], you moderator, our server is in Singapore.
　　"Zhang Tianzhi: Leader, yes, no problem.
　　I just went to register.
　　
　　352. Red ID: Ge Xiuquan's dreams are not easy
　　It's just advocating that the GCB government hasn't been seen.
　　Ge Shenxian is still Ge ＾wordofgod￣, for identification!
　　Ge Yimin Sutra, Yimin is also a god, so the title should be changed to Ge ＾wordofgod￣ to show respect.
　　Lenodil: Christianity also has a magic stick!
　　"" Zhou Gongmeng Butterfly: playing cult? Ha ha.
　　"The whites are really black: God is only God, or a prophet, that God. . . . .
　　"Stealing your beauty: You are light on the evils of your cult, and they are even seasonings if you post them.
　　"Haiyue Shengshi: The founders of the" Protestantism "will end up like this, naturally after seeing more.
　　If in the courtroom, people like him were directly tortured.
　　Goods like Ge Yimin and imprisonment are considered light. Set aside in the Spanish religious court, tortured for a while, then directly tortured. Heresy one.
　　"" Politically correct forever: Now the warlocks of the rivers and lakes, scrimmaging the classics, claiming God, and even the liar who claims to be Mao Zi have moved online.
　　"Niu Jiao Jiao Zhi Note: If ~ Lao Ge did not kill anyone? Why catch Lao Ge? Burning books and Confucianists! . . . . Don't talk about "Hundred Flowers Blooming ~ A Hundred Schools of Contention"? . . . . Which one says "This culture needs to be confident? ... he is the master of Lao Ge!"
　　What about self-proclaimed God? What about the self-proclaimed leader? What about writing ＾wordofgod￣s? . . . . . In itself ~ God ~ God ~ God ~ is not a rare thing! So ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~ Or ~ there is simply a "dog slave" in the bones! Everyone can be God ~ Just as everyone can be elected as a representative! . . . . . Lao Tzu's name is ~~~~~~~~ . . . . . Your culture is higher than the culture of God ~ You are God! It is the need of culture to want to be God ~ it is the embodiment of self-confidence in culture!
　　Can you touch the stones ~ dig everywhere ~ we can't touch the stones ~ Do cultural innovation? !! Talking ~ writing ~ are crimes! ? . . . . . What a reason! Do you still speak reason? Is it fair? !!
　　Let's touch the stones to engage in cultural innovation ~ talk ~ write ~ who will kill?
　　
　　353, Guan Xuanle pair: Ge Yimin, the savior!
　　〃 Karro ， J: May the world be united, no need to preach.
　　"The hour hand points: God wants you to be holy, you don't believe in God. Ge Shen wants you to be a public toilet, but you trust him instead. I don't know what weird people get, why are you so perverted?
　　The landlord pretends to be Christ and tampers with the Bible without him. Liars in the world are all like this.
　　Ge Yimin: Since Ge Min, are these still for you?
　　Money is only a small part of life, not a small part.
　　〃 Su Shen Shu, host: Please show the icon for me to worship!
　　"7115934: There are too many scammers today, and there are also many deceivers!
　　Ge Yimin: The Internet is changing China.
　　Thought changes everyone, and thus the world.
　　"Guang Ge: Ge Yimin has reason to call God more than anyone else."
　　Because he thinks that he is a god, there may be much more reason and circumstances and inadvertence than you.
　　〃 BY857159924: My friend! A yin and yang man named Zhang said! World threes! 1 is Ge Yimin, 2 is Ma Weiqing, 3 himself! Representing the three-pointer world!
　　"Ge Hei: Ge Yimin and his fans and vests, let me get out of the philosophy.
　　Gezhe has been active recently. Philosophy has flooded. Without remediation, it will be very bad. Blind and shameless propaganda. Only the depression philosophy will be hit again, harmless but not profitable. The specific possible consequences are no longer described.
　　Tolerance is not indulgence. Don't trample on our bottom line.
　　Ge Hei: Ge Yimin's heresy is now in its infancy, and the direction of its future development is sexual attraction.
　　It is the leader who wants to play with women to fiddle with, and pass the time to satisfy vanity and sensuality.
　　I went to them and posted a lot of discerning truths, they ignored them completely.
　　In addition, only a few dozen of them were blown out.
　　
　　354, Guang Ge: (Five Laws) ＾wordofgod￣
　　＾wordofgod￣s are sermons, and a word is worth a thousand bucks.
　　The word of God is read, and the grace is deepening day by day.
　　Suffering is gone, and happiness is here.
　　God's love is always the same.
　　Ge Hei: And Ge Yimin, first of all, I have read your ＾wordofgod￣s. If the name is not regular, it is not easy to speak. Your name, such a book name, shows that this work is completely discriminated by most people, not too much. I took a brief look at it, all imitating the structure of the organizational language of the Bible to trigger a sacred thought. This is the deception of the structure, and the content is not too specific except the dream or the dream. local.
　　It can be said that where your thinking is somewhat limited, it is too weak, and even your own positioning is not correct.
　　"Judge Society: Christians are nervous again.
　　C567: We don't think God's ability is so great. There is a foreign song called "God is a Little Girl". Since she is a little girl, she knows too little.
　　Muhammad also had prophecies. It seems that Shakyamuni is no less capable than God. In the heads of Chinese people, there are also the Emperor Jade Emperor, the Queen Mother and Mother, Lord Guan, God of Wealth, Lord Wang and so on.
　　There are also people with fetishism, and there is also a mess of worship of the current central leadership.
　　
　　355, Where is the head 1: It is a bit like the legendary four:
　　B, who is the prophet, is pulling the sputum of communism, speaking the name of Christ, and holding the sword of the last days.
　　In fact, a liar is intentional. Unintentionally that is the half ＾wordofgod￣.
　　〃 Ma Youjiang: Rivers and Lakes Warlocks or All Soul Prophets.
　　Wait and see.
　　"Jakarta tilted: messy and speechless.
　　〃 Nanpu: The landlord is creative and recommends shifting energy to the real world. Don't learn how to pretend to be a ghost like today's royal scholars.
　　"I really want to wear a watch: what is the original owner?" Why is it like a little ghost carrying a spirit card, and Lord Wang Yan fights with Zhu Bajie! !! Mess.
　　"The Brick House smashed the beast: Interesting, I joined Ge Yimin's Church, but I want to know if I can become a multi-millionaire in 2012.
　　"Four Emperors of the Former Qing Dynasty: Lao Ge Daxian, medicine, if you continue to take it, you see, as soon as you stop the medicine, you will get sick.
　　By the way, remember that the Holy Spirit of Father and Son, except Jesus, has no salvation.
　　"Li Er's Three Democracies: My point of view is basically similar to that of you, that is, the communist Datong that is Christianized and democratized, from food and clothing to well-off, and then from well-off to the communion of democratic Datong. This is the Divine Way, which is the process roadmap. But I don't agree with you preaching in a mythical way. Anyone can say that he is the Son of God. I have said something similar and I was treated as a lunatic. The important thing is to unite knowledge and action. I will agree, of course, I think that everyone in the contemporary era can be sanctified. It is the same as Buddhism in which everyone is Buddha. This also shows that the people after the realization of the Tao are the resurrected people that Christ said. They are all the body of Christ. In Buddhism, there are many avatars of the Buddha. You are me and I am you. Instead, we should use scientific interpretation of each teaching and scripture. May we become fellows.
　　"Bai Song: Deceptive.
　　"Xu Qian: Ge Yimin's works formally named-￣wordofgod￣s, as opposed to the Bible
　　Divine classic
　　Decide
　　20120503
　　"Assgod: Those in the dream should return to the dream.
　　"Justice: The pot is the antichrist Satanic demon.
　　"2007chunlu55: Ge wants to be a holy god. He is too far away. He is ten thousand miles behind the true and false Monkey King. He wants to be a god?
　　〃〃 Gwz1563: Hehe, this is the most fun post I have seen. Ge ＾wordofgod￣ is making a big noise here. Install B.
　　"What does Ge Yimin do?
　　This man is full of the taste of the magic stick. There are a bunch of little god sticks who worship him as god.
　　Damn this ...
　　I had a dream one day and I became a god.
　　Slightly
　　
　　356, 18731659713: An imprisoned emperor actually sentenced? ? ?
　　fuss? Or do some people need to prevent it? I didn't know that I was sick early.
　　"Michael 77: I still believe that he has eternal life, catch it well.
　　"Ultimate Demon King: Have you read this guy's post, characterizing it as mental illness, and followers?" It seems that there are too many mental patients.
　　〃 Yu Menglei heard in a silent place: I did n¨t know that I was breaking the law when I posted. The discovery was timely enough. No thought is allowed except the ruled one.
　　"" Three brothers love watches: you are an SB, you simply say that the slave society + the Internet is the ideal society for humankind.
　　〃 Simple Legend: Pretend to be a ghost.
　　"Wsthse: My God still has someone to use Ma Zhe to explain the world. Productivity and production relations.
　　"Karro ， J: You will die too. Do n¨t worry, what will happen after you die? Can your god send you to where you want to go.
　　"Superman Xiaobiao: Ge Hua 20331126 forever.
　　
　　Chapter 357: Ge Yimin's Heresy
　　Please recognize this false god who calls himself Christ, all day long that he caressing that he is the Lord of Judgment Day, swaying and cheating everywhere, and that he is very popular, distorting the word of God in the Bible, and wishing to be Jesus Christ! I thought that reading the Bible Bible N times would equate myself to Jesus Christ! I also wrote the so-called <＾wordofgod￣> to confuse God's electorate! It is shameless to call the <Scripture> written by the Prophet of God can be called <＾wordofgod￣> And to intimidate others, you must know the names, ID numbers, addresses, and other aspects of Jane's family. He even established the so-called Communist Christian Party, calling himself the founder and general secretary of the party.
　　"Ji Zhiduo's Anti-academic Authoritative Missionaries: Yuan Zhiming, Yang Xiaokai, Bo Yiyang, Jiao Guoguo Biao, Liu XX, Ge Yimin
　　These people like to pretend to be the "mind-owner's self-reliance," the outer propaganda of superstitions and autocracy, which is very deceptive. They deliberately steal the beams and change pillars, and advocate modern civilization as "the invention of the Christian Governor", in fact Ignoring that they have developed by fighting against the special system of government education. In addition, a large number of lies and falsehoods were used to reverse the medieval or colonial proprietor's righteous aggression, comparing the Chinese and Chinese culture and their double standards. At the same time, often against anti-Chinese, such as advocating "the digging of Yan Huangling can not ruin the Japanese", "China and Laos need to colonize for 300 years" and so on. A large number of underground churches that develop the nature of evil martyrdom, publicize a series of eschatology and worship of individual people, prepare for martial arts to pretend to be violent, and often defraud money. I have sorted it out here first. They are some of the most famous and harmful representatives in the contemporary era. What is missing can be added.
　　"Willily: Disrespect, was originally the brother of Heaven Brother, is it now in Jintian, Guangxi ?? The next time you show a miracle, be more thorough, don't kill the brother halfway, remember!
　　〃 I saw a portrait of Ge Yimin on the Internet
　　His eyes were so empty that at first glance he was deeply controlled by the devil, hoping that his brothers and sisters would pray for him.
　　"> South Korea now has about forty people who claim to be" adventing Christ "
　　Wen Xianming (Korean Unity Church), Holy Spirit An Sang Hong (Korea's Church of God), the Son of God Ge Yimin (China's "Ge Yimin Church"), the female Christ Deng Xiandian (China's "East Flash") China's ＾Mentuhui￣) ... These are the denominations in which the leader calls himself God.
　　As for the sects that believe in the new prophets: Joseph Smith (Mormon in the United States), Wang Shuqin (China's Eastern Covenant), White Allen (American Sabbath), and Mary Baker Eddie (American Christian Science). The Sabbath would seem to be distributed internally. The church does not know if it counts. Also, Jamaica ¨s ＾Rastafari￣ believes that Haile Selassie I was the reincarnation of Messiah and is also a very interesting sect.
　　"There is no big problem with a little quarrel. I ¨m afraid of quarreling and will become Ellen White, the great prophet of Wang Shuqin, and even more (upgraded version) quarreling and quarreling into Ji Sanbao, Deng Red, An Shanghong, Ge Yimin, Christ of the Class, Christ incarnate again! !! !! !! !!
　　"Like Ge Yimin, what does he call himself and get 00000?
　　You would rather believe in Ellen White ¨s so-called vision, just like when Paul entered the three-tiered sky and said that he saw the four commandments circle the twenty-four commandments, saying that he must keep the Sabbath to be saved. , Now all heretics are the same, like Ge Yimin, what he claims and gets 00000 what vision, will be as charming to many people, I really hope that we all live like normal people, it is foolish to blindly add extra binding to us Life is the only opportunity that God has given us to the world. Does the life you advocate must be in God's will?
　　thank God.
　　
　　358, Bing Chen: Hello Mr. Ge, you have just arrived in your land and do not understand the rules
　　I ¨m sorry to offend you.
　　I have been concerned about the saints for a long time. Nowadays, the society in China, whether it is slang or from a historical perspective, has reached a time when it should be a turning point. At present, society is black and white, the good and the bad are different, and right and wrong are not distinguished. There is an urgent need for a sage to degenerate the old and establish a new one, to show the truth, to rebuild the social system, and to restore moral values.
　　The friends in Baidu Post Bar are almost everyone obsessive, trying to be a saint and not seeking saints. They will prophesy themselves, appearance, age, family background, name, character, and place of birth. What's more, he kept his word out and inferred prophecy by himself. Sadly. I only know that saints are meritorious, but I do n¨t know that saints are also bitter. If you want to be a saint, at least you must come up with a theoretical system. All people have nothing. They have only a promiscuous heart.
　　And Mr. Ge, there are "＾wordofgod￣s", there are Gehua, there are visions, there are trials, among the crowd. Although not so good, rather than listen to their nonsense, it is better to serve Mr. Ge for one or two.
　　〃 Ge Hua: Bing Chen
　　Ge Yimin is a social cultivator. Every 22 years, he has tried and tested.
　　He QQ50914333
　　"You are Ge Yimin! Very famous
　　You are Ge Yimin! It's very famous, haha! Look at your sentence, it's soft and weak! How can it be as heavy as the legendary puppet. Boys and girls are ready to write novels. Delicate and gentle, novel and knowledgeable, the sea flower series can be succeeded, haha! Lan Ge's weakness, why take care of yourself, wouldn't you waste your life? I also hope to treasure myself.
　　"Ha ha ha, Lao Ge, do you know? If that was the case, brother would have called himself God ...
　　Ge Yimin, do you feel like dreaming like this, and tell you, even if you will make people come back to life, I will not tell you ,,,, I tell you ,,, God says he is the only god It is God, I know you are ignorant ,,,,, let me tell you, Jesus has been strange since birth, glory ,,, and you? Where are you born Tell you, where you were born Satan laughed, you are the victim, and you still have a chance now, until Jesus comes, then you will be miserable. . . . . God only recognizes Jesus and our Christians, and does not recognize you as a false god, false prophet, according to the law of God, you will be thrown into the lake of fire forever and ever.
　　〃〃 Chinese Sage Bar Register of Mental Patients and Dangerous Persons (Official Version)
　　Ge Yimin
　　This is the head of abnormal humans, extreme schizophrenics, good at swiping the screen, the head of all Baidu cults.
　　Danger Index: 6 stars
　　
　　Chapter 359: God Talent Xiao Qiao: Lao Ge, I hope you become a god
　　It's really not fun, it's too painful, right?
　　Like everything you paid for!
　　When all the artillery fire hits you, it will be your people, including me.
　　I hope you are out for the third time, I respect you, you are a capital person!
　　The first is me and the second is wonderful sound.
　　I am now Heavenly Saint and are marching non-stop towards the Holy Emperor.
　　It doesn't matter whether it's success or failure, it doesn't matter whether it's honor or disgrace. You just want to do your part, so good!
　　To be out of the game is to be out of the saints' office. Your life is complete, and you do n¨t need to do anything. After being out, just be yourself, and the sea and sky will be free.
　　Everyone is out of the way differently, maybe you need to kill the Quartet!
　　"Ge Shen: I want 20331126 World Datong.
　　"God Xiaoqiao: OK, you are 11 years ahead of time, it's up to you!"
　　"Ge Shen: Because of the vision, try to publicize it.
　　"Dark Web CID: How many people are you Gehua in total?" Can you compete with the United States?
　　〃 2007chunlu55: I do n¨t know ＾Tao￣ to know God,
　　Only know that contemporary saints.
　　If it wasn't for Da Luo Jinxiancheng,
　　How can a sage fall to earth.
　　
　　360 Lily: Ge Yimin, a heresy
　　〃 Geyi Minjing 20100131
　　＾wordofgod￣-1. In the spring of 2001, I dreamed that the apostle Paul took a boat to the city of S?o Paulo in Brazil in Southeast Asian waters and preached back and forth. God made me like him. (Ge Yimin is called to preach)
　　"God makes you like him. Just do it!
　　Paul is a servant of God, preaching the Word of God throughout the Gentiles, not elevating himself and establishing the "Paul Church." It is not about reforming the social system.
　　5. In the fall of 2001, in the dream of Geyimin, God said, "I am God, you must listen to him." He refers to Geyimin. (Ge Yimin is called as a prophet)
　　"Why listen to Song Yimin?" Why not listen to God? Are you god
　　〃 8,20020827, Ascension to the alma mater campus in vision, God said: "I am God, you must listen to him", "This is my beloved son, I like
　　Please listen to him, please, "and when the clouds came down, he referred to Geyi.
　　"This is what Heavenly Father said of the Son Jesus. Obviously equates himself to Jesus. See yourself as God.
　　〃 14, 20071227, in a different dream, Ge Yimin's body slowly rose to the sky, turned into the sun, and illuminated the earth.
　　"Oriental red, the sun rises, the world has a song!
　　II.7. In 2019, Satan was thrown into the lake of fire forever. When God executed the judgment, the new heaven and the new earth, the era of the kingdom (communist society).
　　"Xintianxindi is Communism?" Did Jesus come to the world to be Secretary or Chairman?
　　"Ten 66. Christian Communists are disdainful to conceal their views: Everyone in the future communist society will have normal marriage and children, and their extramarital affairs will not be prohibited by morals. In the future communist society, any adult man and woman can go to Wushan together This kind of behavior is not morally prohibited, and human beings are completely happy and harmonious.
　　"Looking at today's society, it seems that we have achieved" communism "! Is this what you want?
　　71. In a communist society, labor cannot be a need, let alone the first need, but voluntary and conscious.
　　"Voluntary and Conscious Labor?" This is completely unrealistic fantasy,
　　Man is lazy and greedy. How could he be willing to work by himself?
　　There is allocation on demand. I want to own the world. Is my request too much? Or just want to eat? What is the standard of people's needs?
　　Summary: Ge Yimin, a heresy doctrine!
　　
　　361. Ge Yimin-The main ideological and academic achievement is the Ge Yimin Classic.
　　"In 2004, the first draft of Ge Yimin Jing (Yemei Jing) was written as a publishing network, and then Ge Huaxun and the Ge Yimin Declaration (Christian Communist Manifesto) were written and released. The classics, teachings, and propaganda were continuously updated and released." Ge Yimin Christ ")
　　"Ge Yimin Jing" consists of "I. Vision Books; 2. Revelation Books; 3. Love Books; 4. Dust Books; 5. Spiritual Books; 6. Eternal Life Books; 7. Kingdom Books; 8. Political Economy Books; IX. Quotations; X. Biography ￣consists of ten parts.
　　"Ge Yimin named himself Christ, and we see that the prophet is more appropriate. He wrote the modern prophet book" Ge Yimin ", which can be regarded as a biblical amendment. His two sources of thought: Christianity and communism, so he is called a religious thinker. Ge Yimin 40 % The content is his personal information, part of it is Divine Enlightenment. "(Ge Yimin: The Great Internet Religious Thinker)
　　The whole basis of the value of the Ge Yimin Jing is to prove that the "God Enlightenment" that Ge Yimin described. For example, he said, "God said," I am God, you listen to him. "He means Ge Yimin." "God pointed to Ge Yimin and said," This is my beloved son, and I am pleased, you must listen to him. " ("Ge Yimin's Classical Vision Book")
　　In the world about world unity and the future, it is Christian social thought and communism, which is exactly what is evaluated in the article "Ge Yimin: The Great Internet Religious Thinker", but it has sexual freedom: "Christianity Communists are disdainful to conceal their views: In the future communist society, everyone has normal marriage and children, and their extramarital affairs are not morally forbidden. In the future communist society, any adult man and woman can go to Wushan together. There is no moral prohibition, and human beings are completely happy and harmonious. "(Ge Yimin Jing Guo Jing Shu);
　　"Based on the Christian tradition's condemnation of poverty and injustice and the expectation of the kingdom of God, pay attention to and condemn the growing social problems in capitalist society, and use Christianity and its spirit as a solution to social problems. Utilizing and giving play to the ideas of traditional Christianity on opposing exploitation, injustice, and advocating for the world and saving the people, it puts forward communism claims such as common ownership of the means of production, labor and capital sharing, equality for all, mutual love and mutual aid. In addition, it is based on realizing the ideals of a beautiful society in the world, and through the guidance of the church, the majority of Christians can take reasonable actions in what they consider to be the realistic ideal society. "(Ge Yimin Economic and Political Book)
　　"The only hope for ending the sharply secular tendency is to establish a Christian communist belief." (Ge Yimin Economic and Political Book)
　　In short, Ge Yimin's political thoughts on the future society have no new ideological elements other than Christianity and communism, so it is a bit reluctant to say that Ge Yimin is a political thinker.
　　In addition to the above, the value of Ge Yimin's thought is only the value of the enlightenment he described. If this kind of divine revelation is real, then Ge Yimin is of course an extraordinary figure; if it is impossible to prove the authenticity of this kind of divine revelation, then it is necessary to read from the real works or articles of Ge Yimin, of course, mainly "Ge Yimin Sutra".
　　Pay attention to whether Ge Yimin ¨s main achievements mentioned above "unify religion and greatly enhance the world status of religion; greatly improve the civilization of human social system; greatly improve the happiness of human society (purity on earth, human happiness and harmony); greatly improve humanity The spiritual and moral realm. "
　　
　　362, finalseer: Ge Shen's vision, Ye Gong is a good dragon.
　　"Ordinary passers-by: There are so many different dreams. It's all dreamy.
　　No dream can come here. A fool is obsessed if he has few dreams.
　　"Ge Hua: 6. In the autumn of 2001, in Ge Yiluo's dream, God said: "I am a god, you must listen to him (referring to Ge Yiluo)." (Ge Yiluo was anointed as a god)
　　"You have to listen to him", these five words only appear when God speaks to Moses, Jesus, and Ge Yiyan. The daily language is: you have to listen to him, you have to listen to him.
　　"Names are constantly changing: Can I post my ＾wordofgod￣s? Take a look. It is too much trouble to find it by yourself.
　　"Ordinary passerby: Who will listen to me." Some dreams say me too.
　　Only fools believe in dreams. Normal people are put aside.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Shen has the official website and ＾wordofgod￣s, what do you have?
　　"Ordinary passerby: You can get it if you have money. It is said that wise men cultivate themselves, so what's the use of doing them! Stupid.
　　"" Ge Hua: Can you write a book if you have money? Repair yourself, not for the people?
　　〃〃2007chunlu55: It's so funny when elementary school students play house! They are all acquired speeches, where is the language of God? joke!
　　"Ge Hua: The Bible also writes that.
　　"" 2007chunlu55: It's even worse, it's not a god, it's plagiarism from the Bible! Plagiarism is not as powerful as before!
　　"Ge Hua: ＾wordofgod￣s originate from the Bible, higher than the Bible.
　　"" manevil: GeYiMin do you think how to solve the world's excessive population growth? This year, excluding deaths, the number has increased by 75 million people. The world has insufficient resources.
　　"Ge Shen: The resources are sufficient, but uneven, changing the current system, for example, China has a lot of wasteland. For example, marine resources have huge potential.
　　
　　363, Ge Shen eight characters: Wu Shen, Yi Chou, Bing Wu, Ji Hai.
　　(January 31, 1969, 10:30 pm)
　　Li Sanniang loves Xuanzang
　　This character: Nianzhu is the wounded officer, Lunar pillar is the god of sacrifice, and Shizhu is the god of food. Sun branch is a sheep blade. The wounded officer was not good for his father.
　　Injuries are heavy, preventing waist and leg injuries. Looking at the four pillars alone, the father is far ahead of him. As a child, the waist and legs must have been hurt. Day sitting sheep blade
　　Unfortunately, there are no seven kills to check and balance, so I have ambitious intentions and no luck to help.
　　Between the ages of eight and 28, shoulder to shoulder and a fortune fortune. Poor and suffering.
　　Twenty-eight to forty-eight. It is the wounded palace, the god of food, and the fortunes have improved during the period.
　　You may have hurt your waist or legs.
　　Forty-eight to fifty-eight are fortune and fortune, wealth killing, can resist the sheep blade, this year (have)
　　It should be fine. Next year, Gengzi, have money and kill, think and think will change greatly ~~
　　Ge Shen: Thank you, Miyoshi, I will study your solution.
　　When I was in elementary school, I had inexplicable legs and couldn't walk. After that, I was inexplicable and had no influence in the future. My father died in 2013,
　　Mother is alive.
　　
　　364. At present, dozens of people at home and abroad have professed to be Ziwei saints, of which more than ten are famous
　　According to my contact circle and scope, I find that in addition to some people in mainland China and overseas who claim to be Ziwei saints, many people in Taiwan consider themselves to be Ziwei saints. Self-proclaimed individuals include Ge Yimin, Zheng Kuifei, Yu Zhanqi, Ma Weiqing, Wang Jianxin, Xuan Yanwei, Wang Yinghao, Shu Zhangming, Lu Yongjun, Wang Ziwei, Zhang Wuzhong, Gu Ru, Chen Yongli, Ouyang Riguang, Chen Yichao, Taiwan's Xu Zhendong, Hong Yiyuan , Chen Cilin ... and so on.
　　Some of these self-proclaimed Ziwei saints are pure scammers, and they also know that they are deceiving, but they are disguised as saints than the real Ziwei saint. These people know that they are not true sages, but they still insist on deceiving the world, some people are for money, some are for power and status. What makes the author feel strange is that among those who think they are indeed Ziwei saints, there are many people with very low intelligence and insight. Their words and opinions are very ridiculous to the experts, but these people But I haven't felt it yet, and still seriously insist that I am the eternal Ziwei saint.
　　"" Romney took a bribe: Ge Yimin branded with ＾wordofgod￣ ＾wordofgod￣s ~! Should not be detained ~ sentencing! . . . . . Let him go. . . .
　　"Boring onlookers: It's not a shame to come to Cat's Eye to perform this kind of flicker.
　　〃 2012.12.21 Salvation World God Battle
　　In the early hours of December 21st, the Sky Magic Well was opened by a dazzling aurora running through the galaxy, and a lot of monsters poured out. Just when the evil spirits are a curse on the earth, several early human race masters have made their debut. They are: Prison "Ge Yimin"
　　Everyone must be wondering why Ge Yimin is not in prison but in the Well of Gods and Demons. That's because Ge Yimin finally learned his destiny, gained a new life in prison, and knew the value of life, so Yuanshen participated in this war.
　　"I want to tell you a word: The god stick that was executed by the government for three years was called Yesu, and the beggar who fell as a prince was called Shakyamuni. The right way is the same, and the evil way, as long as you insist, the harm is not greater than the sacrifice to the evil god. As soon as society changes and moves, you people are the first to be defeated and slaughtered. Besides, I think you are indeed liars.
　　
　　Chapter 365: I want to join the religion
　　Ge Yimin 9:43:59
　　Alright
　　Where are you from?
　　Rice shop 9:44:42
　　What way
　　Ge Yimin 9:45:06
　　We seek truth without formal organization
　　Rice shop 9:45:28
　　My american citizenship is now in beijing
　　Return to the United States after the New Year
　　Ge Yimin 9:46:14
　　Ge Hua 36 [Zhang Tianzhi, male, born in 1978, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia] (President of Theocratic Malaysia)
　　Rice shop 9:46:16
　　So how do you prove that you are a believer?
　　Ge Yimin 9:46:23
　　According to him
　　Gehua 39
　　Ge Yimin 9:47:55
　　Ge Hua 39 [Midian, male, born in 19 **, United States] (President of Shinto North America)
　　Rice shop 9:49:14
　　Wow, can you be the president of North America?
　　Ge Yimin 9:49:24
　　Yes
　　It ¨s important to find the truth
　　You agree, i add you neurologically
　　Ge Yimin 9:51:38
　　When were you born?
　　Rice shop 9:52:08
　　I don't think I have the ability to be president
　　I just want to find a way to redeem myself
　　Ge Yimin 9:52:36
　　Don't you do anything, a vanity
　　Rice shop 9:52:36
　　I feel guilty
　　Ge Yimin 9:52:58
　　Yes, sin is out of sight and fails to meet God's requirements
　　We find ways to meet God's requirements
　　Rice shop 9:53:39
　　How can you wash away sin
　　Ge Yimin 9:53:51
　　As for crime in life, it is secondary
　　Sin in life, you repent,
　　Rice shop 9:54:33
　　But I'm bumping around
　　Ge Yimin 9:54:35
　　It is possible to compensate the other party
　　Rice shop 9:54:56
　　I think my sin is stimulated by others
　　Ge Yimin 9:55:01
　　You can succeed in the United States
　　Rice shop 9:55:19
　　Without them I would not be guilty
　　Ge Yimin 9:55:41
　　Jesus said not to commit the next crime.
　　That's ok, next time without stimulation, restraint
　　In what year do you say you are born?
　　See how old you are
　　Ge Yimin 9:57:26
　　I'm 69 years
　　Rice shop 9:58:44
　　I'm 82 years
　　Ge Yimin 9:59:09
　　So small
　　Rice shop 9:59:14
　　My thirst for philosophy is stronger
　　Ge Yimin 9:59:23
　　me too
　　Like Nietzsche
　　Ge Yimin 10:00:26
　　Ge Hua 39 [Midian, male, born in 1982, United States] (President of Shinto North America)
　　Name
　　Ge Yimin 10:02:07
　　Gehua album
　　Rice shop 10:03:23
　　How many congregations are there now
　　Ge Yimin 10:04:36
　　No organization, all secretly, more than 100,000
　　Rice shop 10:05:26
　　So why is it still registered?
　　Ge Yimin 10:05:56
　　We do n¨t engage in organization, we do n¨t engage in people, we just seek truth
　　Put a name on it
　　Ge Yimin 10:07:18
　　You will be an entrepreneur
　　25, 20130105 Different dreams: I am Jesus. I accept disciples like Jesus. My disciples are even weaker than Jesus' disciples, but have achieved great achievements and become the king of entrepreneur shoes.
　　
　　366 、 Face Stomach: Past and Present of Ge Yimin
　　Ge Yimin, real name Ge Yimin, unemployed nomads, a god stick in Christianity
　　In reality, it ¨s delicious to be lazy and idle. It ¨s poorer than hanging one. For a long time, it ¨s mixed with the Chinese saints. Let ¨s talk about messy vests and tout yourself. Use some ridiculous nonsense words to say that you are a savior or something. balance
　　This SB method is not original. It originated from another poor horse rider. The real name of the person is Ma Weiqing. Searching for "Ma Weiqing Love Lianliankan" shows his shameful deeds. On this show, the show was limited to the lights out, and he bragged about his Street Fighting "One God of Unity" is the Lord of the Rings and Harry Potter in China.
　　Then I found out that Ma Qitian was not original. Zheng Kuifei, a fool from the front, did n¨t know whether Zheng Kuifei was original.
　　The Chinese sage seems to have a lot of people. In fact, thousands of vests of these three people are constantly posting, and there are still some onlookers to the party and unknown people.
　　Comrade Ge Yimin once served as the owner of eternal life with his vest Ye Xue, and was bought by Shenjiying for 3,000 yuan (professedly a Christian at first, unwilling to conduct money transactions). Limited, took 1000 down payment and took out both of the main account passwords, and was deceived, and then changed the vest in different forums and major posts. The black god machine camp was black for a full four years, and its grievances were heavy and leisurely. It's boring.
　　Ge Yimin keeps searching for his ID and name in the Post Bar all the year round. When he finds relevant posts, he constantly changes his vest and uses the means of talking to himself to expand his influence. This trick is not original. Woshang.com pushers do this all year round.
　　In view of this, some unknown people reposted a post about silly hanging, and as a result, Ge Yimin always came here to respond to people. Bendi simply blasted out all these ugly sons and daughters, and see if this stupid thing can't come. Top stickers.
　　
　　Chapter 367: The Scarecrow is awesome: I will also explain Ge Shen Ba Zi
　　Bingsheng's ugly wounded the official month, and the whole world was wet with wet water. I wonder if in 2008 or 2009, have your legs and feet been injured? From the age of nine, he was killed until 1997. He fell in love early and worked at a young age to support his family. If you are not married, you are vulnerable to love. The mother is close to her own relationship and her father is small.
　　The Universiade helped in 1997-07. After 07, he was transferred to Caiyun and was weak. His wealth was very strong. For his father, he had to worry about his wealth. He could still earn some money. But in 27 years, the South will be in great operation, and luck is very good in old age!
　　The life of the staple food hurts two peach blossoms and is not weak. Last year, profound feelings occurred. In 2020, wealthy officials rush into the afternoon fire. You can get small fortune while protecting your legs.
　　Ge Shen: Thank you. In previous years, I twisted my feet a few times. Thinking of what San Niang said, the waist also twisted. Crush early. Graduated from college.
　　〃〃 The Scarecrow is very good: If you are not sure, it is recommended to refer to the child, which is more in line with your experience and more appropriate. At the time of the assumption, was your foot twisted in 2015?
　　Engage in financial accounting work or do your own business.
　　Ge Shen: Hello, my mother said it should be before 11 o'clock, but there were no watches or clocks. Twist the feet twice a few years, the waist is a few years. I twisted my feet for a few years. I have been an office administrator.
　　The torsion may be 2015.
　　You have broken my legs and feet. I have a crush on it early, and I have a crush on it in elementary school. Marriage is still the original match. 2027.
　　〃 ￣The Scarecrow is awesome: I ¨m sorry to think it ¨s a girl. I will analyze it again for you. . . If I don't, I'm very worried about myself.
　　92 93 Married in love, his wife's family is good, maybe from afar.
　　Ge Shen: Thank you again. Married in 1993, his wife's family is good, and both are from Zhenjiang.
　　"The Scarecrow is very good: I'm okay with myself. . . In general, in 2020 you will have to transfer, your thinking and life will change, and your work will change. In 2021, you will have a fortune, pay attention to committing peach blossoms. Not much to say, do good deeds and gain good results.
　　
　　368 、 The Scarecrow is very good: Ge Shen is not thankful, San Niang's broken hexagram level is very high
　　It's also because of her that I noticed this post. Gengzi was transferred to Xin Weiyun in 2020, frankly. The key points of this operation are:
　　1. Mother and work.
　　2. The fortune is very good (it also takes a long time to commit the phenomenon of peach blossoms), and you should remember the reason that the wife of the chaff does not go to church.
　　3. The image of partnership seeking wealth, pay attention to 2021, and pay attention to self-cultivation, don't lose your heart because of these surprises.
　　"Zixi Shengkai: Geshen, you are too old! !! Therefore, during the Chinese New Year, it is best to choose a day to go to the temple to burn incense and worship Buddha. . .
　　Ge Shen: Hello, Zimei, I believe in God but not Buddha, and the temple will not go. I worship you, woman Buddha.
　　"A supernatural person observed the situation of Ziwei saint Ge Yimin through the supernatural power:
　　Well, this person is a little spiritual. He leans a bit on the side of the Tao and works as a newspaper. People are not bad.
　　
　　Chapter 369: The origin, means, propaganda, and role of religion
　　The arrested post of Ge Yimin is similar to the death of Jesus.
　　1. Hype and popularity.
　　2.Bo sympathy. Pull hatred.
　　3. God Gemin is replying to your post. Is there a wonderful God who is resurrected?
　　￣Mencius student: Damn, it ¨s said that it was n¨t called for a long time?
　　
　　Chapter 370: A Mouse Riding a Cat: Who Gives Ge Yiyi Civil Rights Behind
　　Delete posts for no reason.
　　"" Ge Shen Yimin 2: Baidu.
　　￣Qi Tianda Sage: You old dog is stingy.
　　〃 Little Titan 80: Happy New Year! As the Spring Festival approaches, I wish Ge Dashen, who is in the same pit, happy and happy. happy!
　　〃 Mouse riding a cat: Let's dwell on this Fujian, Guangdong, Shanghai, Beijing, Zhenjiang This is the old nest of these garbage.
　　"Wang Jingfeng: Ge Shen.
　　"" The body is not me: I suddenly remembered, he said that his name was Ge Hua.
　　No one has said their name yet.
　　He said his name was Ge Hua!
　　"Wang Jingfeng: Gege.
　　"" Puning stone hit: a group of Ge Yimin trumpet. .
　　"Grasshopper: Hello God, how can I keep my family and me safe during the plague?
　　"Ge Yimin: Stay at home, try not to go out.
　　〃 Grasshopper: Ge Shen
　　You said
　　Is it true that the Chinese are bad
　　Will the future be ok
　　"Ge Yimin: Game has caused an epidemic, and it will be fine after the heat is over.
　　〃 Grasshopper: OK
　　Thank you Ge Shen.
　　
　　371. Dynamic light wave: Ge Shen, your body is very weak, brother, I watched it.
　　Insufficient blood is a bit natural.
　　So why didn't the elder brother come out, haha, what did he do? I'm very patient and I can't help it.
　　Wow, it ¨s no wonder that you are the same as me, Tian Liang, a good friend, hee hee, thank you.
　　"Wang Jingfeng: Xinge's eternal life.
　　His family is in the system, don't mess with it.
　　"Ge Yimin's prison: Ge Shen retail.
　　〃 Zixi Shengkai: Fuck, find the place names you have, and the place names we have here, can be paired, smiling. . .
　　〃〃 The great holy fans: Zhenjiang Wuhan, Zimei, how are you? The hot weather epidemic will pass.
　　Two cities at three o'clock, haha.
　　〃 Zixi Shengkai: Well, I'm not afraid. . .
　　"The great holy fans: You are so smart, you will protect yourself. Another woman Buddha, God will bless you!
　　After the incident, you can write a long story.
　　〃 Zixi Shengkai: The purpose of returning is to protect the family. . .
　　No need, just a dust in the memory. . .
　　"" Great holy fans: Purple beauty, left to the world, is also your mission. Bless you and your family, and wish to pass soon!
　　〃 Zixi Shengkai: Thank you! !! . . .
　　In addition, everyone has their own mission! !! It's just good or bad. . .
　　"" Great holy fans: Well, purple beauty, there are also big and small.
　　
　　Chapter 372: Never want to grow up: Come ~ Which great Christian can answer me
　　Why dare not go to Wuhan to "press the patient"?
　　〃 Big Fat Pot: I really thought about it, but I haven't got this gift yet. In other words, pressing was useless.
　　"" Never want to grow up: Pressed useless = The Bible is blind.
　　〃 Big fat pot: Hello, there has never been such a thing in history.
　　〃〃 A glass of white water: Don't tangle the survival of the flesh.
　　〃 The great holy fans: Who doesn't care about the physical survival? Who doesn't want to live? Isn't it good to live?
　　Lord China! !! !!
　　"" Never want to grow up: Oh, then, when the angels in white have defeated the virus, you will come out to give credit ~ Said it is all your credit, this operation can be ~
　　〃 Big Fat Pot: Christians are also moved by white angels, the same, there is no difference, even more moved!
　　"The great holy fans: Sister Yong, you said in advance, I admit that Christians can't do anything, they can only pray, and of course they can't do merit.
　　〃 Big Fat Pot: Pigeon Sister (in fact, I am older than you), pushing you and others, I really hope that all people in the world are happy and are children of God. Your burst photos are really good, you know how you look in traffic.
　　Tojo, Christians have faith, let alone do bad things. It's just that too many fundamentals of the Internet, sticking to Bible verses, offend you.
　　
　　373. Ge Yimin's QQ group chat record 20200130
　　2020-01-30 19:41:59 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　@ 乞呀酎
　　2020-01-30 19:42:10 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　What do you think of Zhang Yunjie
　　2020-01-30 19:42:54 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　dont see
　　2020-01-30 19:43:06 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　@ 乞呀酎 When are you revolutionizing?
　　2020-01-30 19:43:25 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　20331126
　　2020-01-30 19:43:29 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　it is good
　　2020-01-30 19:43:36 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　Ge Shen, you are my idol
　　2020-01-30 19:44:21 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Thank you
　　2020-01-30 19:46:19 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Zhang Jie doesn't give up fantasies about Liu Yifei, destined to have no wife for life
　　2020-01-30 19:46:31 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　@ 乞呀酎
　　2020-01-30 19:46:37 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　What about Yang Fan?
　　2020-01-30 19:47:47 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　These people are hype, but without thought, nothing can be done
　　2020-01-30 19:48:13 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　How do you think of aliens
　　2020-01-30 19:48:40 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Not found so far
　　2020-01-30 19:49:27 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Ge Shen
　　2020-01-30 19:49:35 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Can you tell me your philosophy
　　2020-01-30 19:50:03 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Chapter 10 Declaration of Christian Communism
　　2020-01-30 19:50:12 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Chapter XIX World Government and Datong World
　　2020-01-30 19:50:23 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　What do you think of the Dead Sea Scrolls?
　　2020-01-30 19:50:32 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　Lilith and Adam
　　2020-01-30 19:50:43 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Early Old Testament Bible
　　2020-01-30 19:50:57 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　So how to complete the human replenishment plan?
　　2020-01-30 19:51:26 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Chapter 5 Dust Book
　　Chapter 6 Spiritual Book
　　Chapter VII The Book of Eternal Life
　　2020-01-30 19:51:59 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Can the human make-up plan make people immortal
　　2020-01-30 19:52:09 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　I only recognize Adam and Eve
　　2020-01-30 19:52:25 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　20331126 Yes
　　2020-01-30 19:52:25 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Didn't Eve change her name to Lilith?
　　2020-01-30 19:52:37 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Didn't he betray Adam?
　　2020-01-30 19:52:37 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　The Bible has not changed
　　2020-01-30 19:52:43 "Boli's Dream" (3523371376)
　　Ok
　　2020-01-30 19:53:10 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Is the Gun of Langinus an important item to complete the human completion plan?
　　2020-01-30 19:53:22 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　I am looking for the Gun of Langinus
　　2020-01-30 19:53:41 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Mostly science
　　2020-01-30 19:54:07 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Does the Gun of Langinus Exist?
　　2020-01-30 19:54:22 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　does not exist
　　2020-01-30 19:55:01 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　Does God exist?
　　2020-01-30 19:55:16 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　presence
　　2020-01-30 19:55:22 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Creator
　　2020-01-30 19:55:38 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Then it
　　2020-01-30 19:55:45 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Will it object to the completion of the human completion plan
　　2020-01-30 19:56:10 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　will not
　　2020-01-30 19:56:25 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Is this coronavirus punishable?
　　2020-01-30 19:56:58 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Can I enter Fantasy Township after completing the Human Completion Plan?
　　2020-01-30 19:57:22 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Chapter Eight
　　2020-01-30 19:57:30 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Chapter Twenty Heaven Books
　　2020-01-30 19:57:40 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Communist society
　　2020-01-30 19:58:14 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　Ge Shen, who was your last life, and what was Marx Lenin Engels' last life?
　　2020-01-30 19:58:37 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　I think i am the creator
　　2020-01-30 19:58:58 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　They are human
　　2020-01-30 19:59:02 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　Ok
　　2020-01-30 19:59:15 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　So why is there incest in the Bible
　　2020-01-30 20:00:02 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Did not affect offspring
　　2020-01-30 20:00:39 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　How to view Solomon's extravagance and Abraham's frugality
　　2020-01-30 20:00:56 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　How to see Israel scourge Egypt
　　2020-01-30 20:01:58 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　First generation: Adam and Eve
　　Second generation: children of Adam and Eve
　　The third generation must be born incest
　　2020-01-30 20:02:43 `` Boli's lustful dream '' (3523371376)
　　How to interpret dinosaur fossils
　　2020-01-30 20:02:54 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Solomon was king for a long time, and he would squander before his death.
　　2020-01-30 20:03:21 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　So how do you guarantee that you will not splurge after you ascended the throne?
　　2020-01-30 20:03:32 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Abraham has a lot of property
　　2020-01-30 20:03:39 System Message (1000000)
　　2799035924Ray Jiang Si Ben bin Laden joined the group.
　　2020-01-30 20:04:19 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Xinge God Reading ＾wordofgod￣
　　2020-01-30 20:04:21 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　The Israelis only want to go out of Egypt, the Bible is written from an Israeli perspective
　　2020-01-30 20:04:34 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　＾wordofgod￣s is the Chinese Bible
　　2020-01-30 20:04:42 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Bible 3.0
　　2020-01-30 20:04:58 2799035924 Ray Ginger Ben Laden (2799035924)
　　@ 乞呀酎 貧 幡
　　2020-01-30 20:04:59 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Why is it called a ＾wordofgod￣
　　2020-01-30 20:05:09 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Dinosaurs are correct, the age of the earth is incorrect according to the Bible
　　2020-01-30 20:05:14 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　"＾wordofgod￣" originated from the "Bible" and evolved from the "Qur'an". The stylistic format is all archaic.
　　2020-01-30 20:05:22 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　Are n¨t ＾wordofgod￣s in the human body strange?
　　2020-01-30 20:05:22 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　English is ＾wordofgod￣
　　2020-01-30 20:05:46 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　＾wordofgod￣ means Scripture of God
　　2020-01-30 20:06:04 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Refers to God transmitting the truth through Ge Yimin
　　2020-01-30 20:06:14 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Modern material has been basically satisfied, I do not pursue, I like beauty a bit :)
　　2020-01-30 20:06:46 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　＾wordofgod￣ = Word of God
　　2020-01-30 20:07:00 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　That neuropathy
　　2020-01-30 20:07:03 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　is not it
　　2020-01-30 20:07:11 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　How sick is the Word of God?
　　2020-01-30 20:07:42 2799035924 Ray Ginger Ben Laden (2799035924)
　　Divine right of kings
　　2020-01-30 20:07:54 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Geniuses are all neuroses and vice versa
　　2020-01-30 20:08:25 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　So how do you let others submit to you?
　　2020-01-30 20:08:31 2799035924 Ray Ginger Ben Laden (2799035924)
　　[Expression] How to judge a genius
　　2020-01-30 20:08:55 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　I've seen you laugh at you
　　2020-01-30 20:08:56 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　＾wordofgod￣ and Theology
　　2020-01-30 20:08:58 2799035924 Ray Ginger Ben Laden (2799035924)
　　Is the end of the world really coming? [Expression] What to save the believers of God
　　2020-01-30 20:09:01 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　How to make them surrender to you
　　2020-01-30 20:09:15 2799035924 Ray Ginger Ben Laden (2799035924)
　　I question God [Expression] Will God punish me?
　　2020-01-30 20:10:23 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Internet influencers rely on negative spread.
　　2020-01-30 20:10:30 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Every month, some people donate 250, which is enough to eat and drink.
　　2020-01-30 20:10:38 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　It's worth the price.
　　2020-01-30 20:11:04 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Black powder is also powder
　　2020-01-30 20:11:10 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　Can you tell me the winning number of the next lottery?
　　2020-01-30 20:11:41 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　20331126 World Datong
　　2020-01-30 20:11:55 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　What is the winning number for the next lottery?
　　2020-01-30 20:12:09 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　God saves all people
　　2020-01-30 20:12:11 2799035924 Ray Ginger Ben Laden (2799035924)
　　[Expression] Holy Lord, please destroy the heresy of rebellion
　　2020-01-30 20:12:42 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Win at random, neither can God
　　2020-01-30 20:12:44 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　According to your routine, there is no God in 100% of the world,
　　2020-01-30 20:12:58 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　How do you prove that you are a god
　　2020-01-30 20:12:59 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　In fact, there is no god in the nightbook.
　　2020-01-30 20:13:05 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Can you prove it to me
　　2020-01-30 20:13:06 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Believe it or not
　　2020-01-30 20:13:13 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Before Jesus died, he was treated the same as God Ge
　　2020-01-30 20:13:16 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Blown into god after death
　　2020-01-30 20:13:21 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　Then i believe in myself, then am i my god
　　2020-01-30 20:13:28 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Christianity has not seen Jesus come again in 2000
　　2020-01-30 20:13:43 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Then why did n¨t Christ Jesus in ancient China
　　2020-01-30 20:13:58 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Why are you not european
　　2020-01-30 20:14:00 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Aren't there worship of Zhuangzi, Confucius, Taoism and other ancestors?
　　2020-01-30 20:14:16 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　But they are not Christ Jesus
　　2020-01-30 20:14:22 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Ge Shen is just bored to pass the time, you and Ge Shen theory are useless.
　　2020-01-30 20:14:35 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　It is better to create Getuluole.
　　2020-01-30 20:14:45 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Then why don't you
　　2020-01-30 20:14:48 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　Crafting weapons
　　2020-01-30 20:14:53 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Such as a gun
　　2020-01-30 20:14:57 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Artillery
　　2020-01-30 20:15:00 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　The family has money and no riots are needed.
　　2020-01-30 20:15:02 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　What
　　2020-01-30 20:15:10 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　Then can you give me 200
　　2020-01-30 20:15:26 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Admission may give.
　　2020-01-30 20:15:35 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　I am educated
　　2020-01-30 20:15:37 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　You give it to me
　　2020-01-30 20:15:39 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　Row
　　2020-01-30 20:15:42 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Yes.
　　2020-01-30 20:15:44 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　I am educated
　　2020-01-30 20:15:46 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　Send me
　　2020-01-30 20:15:55 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Register to ＾wordofgod￣ @ 乞呀酎
　　2020-01-30 20:16:31 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　20331126
　　2020-01-30 20:17:00 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　Do you need to give you your ID number?
　　2020-01-30 20:17:15 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　No need
　　2020-01-30 20:17:21 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Just give a name, date, and region.
　　2020-01-30 20:17:31 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Name can be net name
　　2020-01-30 20:17:39 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Wang Renjun
　　2020-01-30 20:17:39 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Just prove that you can exist.
　　2020-01-30 20:17:43 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　this is not OK
　　2020-01-30 20:17:47 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　why
　　2020-01-30 20:18:00 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　This is cursing
　　2020-01-30 20:18:03 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Use net name
　　2020-01-30 20:18:03 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Ok
　　2020-01-30 20:18:06 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　Row
　　2020-01-30 20:18:26 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　My name is 輹寔肪
　　2020-01-30 20:18:55 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Do n¨t duplicate names with well-known people to prevent misunderstandings.
　　2020-01-30 20:19:16 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　My name is Xiaoneng refugee
　　2020-01-30 20:19:23 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Ok date
　　2020-01-30 20:19:27 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Let's talk about the region
　　2020-01-30 20:19:33 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Beijing
　　2020-01-30 20:19:39 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　date?
　　2020-01-30 20:19:53 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　1995 01 25
　　2020-01-30 20:19:59 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　Female
　　2020-01-30 20:20:05 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Ok
　　2020-01-30 20:20:16 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　Can you give me money
　　2020-01-30 20:20:31 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Wait a minute
　　2020-01-30 20:20:33 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　WeChat Alipay is OK
　　2020-01-30 20:21:33 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　Wait a minute, how can you have money?
　　2020-01-30 20:21:44 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Just give him a place.
　　2020-01-30 20:21:45 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　What do you say
　　2020-01-30 20:21:58 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Income
　　2020-01-30 20:22:00 〆Boli's lustful dream〇 (3523371376)
　　Is it necessary to teach without giving money?
　　2020-01-30 20:22:06 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Wages must first become the core Gehua,
　　2020-01-30 20:22:25 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Nothing, how can you have money?
　　2020-01-30 20:22:30 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Do you reason with thugs?
　　2020-01-30 20:22:30 Ge Yimin (50914333)
　　There is no religion in the world, please tell me if you have any.
　　2020-01-30 20:22:58 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　It ca n¨t be missed, such as churches, and it ¨s for the poor.
　　2020-01-30 20:23:05 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　Also count money
　　2020-01-30 20:23:24 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　The gods do not need to give alms to others, they only need to pay management salaries.
　　2020-01-30 20:23:28 "Boli's lustful dream" (3523371376)
　　The church gave porridge
　　2020-01-30 20:26:08 Ge Yimin (1432676760)
　　If you want to come and slay Geshen, you might as well go to Zhongnan first and ask why Inman Creek is not good? If you can do it again, you can slay Ge God. You can't even guarantee your basic power. What more is true and true?
　　
　　374, XEQZGFRUMLK: The main gang of the main building has been reported
　　During the chaos in Hong Kong, you directly advertised that you were a thug
　　In times of crisis, you are also tempted to deceive people to believe that someone will not die
　　Now say that the people of the country are acting? ? ? ? Destroyed the good.
　　〃 Following the Wind: Why did Baidu leave such a mental retardation, and you have been in trouble for so long, many evil gods have fallen, why are you still in trouble, and quickly replaced the African black head, I ***, Ge feces! .
　　"Wushan Yunyu 1217: This is the fan of Ge Yimin.
　　〃 Darknet CID: New crown virus is raging, and New Year's Day is not good-Comrade Zhenjiang Laoge calls himself a god, post it every day to post a ＾wordofgod￣; everyone welcomes Lao Gelai to quickly eliminate the virus and applaud!
　　"" He An poor and happy: Ge false god rule this! I will not post here.
　　〃 Co-justice: The No. 1 joke in the universe.
　　"" Never want to grow up: Ge Shen's men.
　　Chapter 375: Legend of Xujingzhai: Hello, agree with "＾wordofgod￣"
　　I am already a believer. Can believer activities?
　　Hi
　　Inactive, Great God.
　　>> Prophecy and History: Prophecy the reason for the recent chaos
　　1. I did n¨t have a sense of prophecy before, and no one wants to occupy it after 2 years.
　　2. A few days ago, I did n¨t know which group of people found that the traffic was okay, so I applied for it.
　　3. There were 2 applicants. One was the inferior name of Ge, because only the second place was grabbed, and it cost 500 to buy it. The other was a group friend with the surname Ge, who came in earlier than him to apply, probably to come to the pit. His money
　　4, a surname operation of the surname Ge, the result was officially killed by the post bar, rather than quit.
　　I really convinced this guy. Spend some money to buy some stickers. It's hard to please. In the future, someone often volunteers to expose him. Is this what he wants?
　　〃 Life darknet ID: He is the Champagne Advertising Party. As long as he deletes all of you, you can only look at him. Besides, there are still unknown people who will think he is what he is.
　　"2007chunlu55: [Looking for the brook on the sea, and seeing the ancestors] When the true Saint comes out, he will destroy the geese first. Nothing but death.
　　Because you have attracted bad people to abuse the saints!
　　
　　376, I (the original): Declaration
　　I do not support the Jerme Sutra, nor are they taught by the Jerme. Not to believe in Yemei's 2019. May the Lord have mercy on them.
　　I will definitely take back what belongs to me.
　　"Wang Jingfeng: Ge's Birthday, Eat Pueraria
　　〃 Dark Web CID: Some of them have Ge Huaming on the face, but Ge Hei on the back, cursing Lao Ge with another ID number, and still making rumors and scolding ...
　　〃〃 The body is not me: both princesses have been refreshed, it is turn, Ge Hua.
　　He said his name was Ge Hua.
　　"Dream into the play: From 2017 to the beginning of 2018, during the period of the Huaxia sage, there was no master. Ge demons swiped the screen crazy. Huaxia saints became garbage posts. Only I was under pressure to fight against Ge demons and posted to build China. Sage, just want to build a free post without the Lord oppressing friends.
　　"Deyang Li Juan: I'm Gehua.
　　"Who Causes Cause and Effect: Ge is a deceitful **. Advocate sexual freedom and openness. All three major orthodox religions in the world prohibit prostitution. Can't distinguish right from evil?
　　〃〃 Deyang Li Juan: I am willing! !! !! . .
　　"Featured Taoist: Is Ge Hua the Minister of Organization?
　　〃 2007chunlu55: What is Ge, a person who can deceive a broken article, a possessed demon!
　　At first I was too lazy to ignore them, because they didn't let me talk, and banned me three or five times before I criticized them!
　　
　　Chapter 377: It's Difficult: I Didn't Expect Ge Sheng Not To Be Favored By Anyone
　　But he has been alive.
　　"Deyang Li Juan: Everyone confessed to himself, who is optimistic about Ge Sheng or who?"
　　You old comrade, do n¨t think you will stay in the holy right?
　　Reply Yi Shangrong No. 2: You are late, but your ability is OK. No one in the ten-year holy bar has been acknowledged. Only women, such as the purple beauty and the third mother Sumei, are popular, but only women and beauty. There is no one who recognizes another person as a saint, but only acknowledges that he is the only saint.
　　〃 Shangyong Rong No. 2: It's been 10 years! Fortunately, I didn't come early, I was scared to think about it.
　　"Deyang Li Juan: Hello, I saw the article of Saint Ziwei in 2006. Two preparations, I wish you and everyone.
　　Someone can't be a saint to commit suicide at a set time, some can't marry a saint to commit suicide at a set time
　　〃 Shangyong Rong No.2: I just came out of high school in 2006 and can't do anything! Internet cafes are not available.
　　"Deyang Li Juan: You are rational and have a high cultural foundation. I also have two kinds of preparations, but a lot of tune to wait for the emperor to marry Liu Yifei, do not work, old age, year after year.
　　"Daughter of Heaven Kingdom 3: Why Ge Sheng is alive? Like everyone else, they are all living in a lunatic asylum (mental trust) **. But what people can do if they don't do it!
　　〃〃 Deyang Li Juan: I am married and have children, and work and live normally.
　　Sanctification out of the mountain is the only hope for many tunes to change life.
　　For more than a decade, predictions have hurt too many people. For example, the current post by the landlord Huang Lingling is not working, and the flower owes more than 10,000. Zixian GAN does not get married, saying that her husband is the master (that is, god). Nantong, the future global holy emperor, does not marry, waiting to marry the empress. Hongsha does not work and is old, but her parents are getting older every year.
　　Everyone considers himself the only saint, including you and me. San Niang said that prophecy had affected her life.
　　Most of the holy bars are nothing but tuneless attempts to use the prophecy to get out of the mountain when the emperor marries Liu Yifei. They are all neurotic and do not work. This is the only way out.
　　Hearing is a typical symptom of schizophrenia. He believes that the state brain controls him, but rather a proof of a saint. The country's brain control stole his theory in 2012, and the country only developed. Every day and other countries came to pick him up to be an emperor in Beijing. It is still strange to accept it so far in the future.
　　Liu Pengju did not go home for the Chinese New Year for seven years. It is just a ticket for the parents to go home. As long as the parents are okay with their children, do they care if you are sanctified?
　　
　　378, idfixd: Ge Sheng, someone at Moore Manor Taiwan
　　Scolding you for being blocked or a Taiwanese objecting to your opinion, it is recommended to explode Moore Manor and Taiwan together, and then merge the two as revenge.
　　You can look for hackers to block this site.
　　Ge Sheng, do you have contact information? Posting is also possible, but I heard that you have been banned by the whole network. Probably not.
　　The rule of one, let me ban me for ten days, for reporting their revenge, Ge Sheng, please be careful. It is best to consider using your pop-up device or using bugs to merge this post bar. Those who do not let Ge Sheng go .
　　"Ignore Lou Pig: Ge Shen's passing, it's all useless."
　　〃 Lower month: 2b Lao Ge.
　　
　　Chapter 379: Moonlight Duming: Geshen 2033 is coming soon
　　But our current material foundation is far from perfect. Many parts of the world are starving, far from being extremely rich.
　　"Ge Hua: Reasonable demand distribution that society can provide.
　　〃 Life darknet ID: Ge Hua, I have to say that you are a very good person. During this time, I kept opening a trumpet and scolding me, and also reported my posts. Now that you limit this to comments, you have a lot of energy.
　　"Tonight Moonlight is so good-: Sympathy for you, but the main thing is that Ge Ge.
　　〃 Lower Month: Then forget it, leave this and let the old Ge stay here for fun.
　　"Soul Dream Dreaming :: Among the people who call the sacred army, Zheng Kuifei is bigger than Zhang Fuxin, and he started relatively early. I don't know what's going on now.
　　
　　380. TV Chef: Ge Yimin's God Slaves All Humans 20170707
　　Seven pictures.
　　
　　381, Packed and called holy: Oops, I thought Ge Dasheng left
　　It hurt me for a long time.
　　〃 Get a job today: don't take a bite of Gehua. Now in prison. Uh, what about eating?
　　He is a small group with online MLM and was killed a week ago.
　　"Who has cause and effect spared: What dreams did he say that he believed? All three major orthodox religions in the world prohibit prostitution. He encourages promiscuous sexual freedom. Serve your IQ.
　　"Deyang Li Juan: 66 articles are clear, and human nature is ultimately free.
　　"Who has cause and effect spared: freedom can be moral?" Freedom must be right. Wouldn't it be more free without law? Free to go to hell, so cool?
　　Deyang Lijuan: You haven't reached this state of mind.
　　"Who Caused By Cause And Effect: You Will Not Know About My Realm." All I know is evil.
　　Deyang Li Juan: You are still limited to the present, and the ＾wordofgod￣ is about the future.
　　
　　382. Who causes causality: Whenever good is good, evil is evil
　　After death, he must be tried and severely punished. In the next three and a half years, there will be floods, earthquakes, sky fires, meteorites and other disasters in the world (in no particular order). It is because people have suffered too much moral loss and created evil.
　　"Deyang Li Juan: Ge is a god, he never said.
　　"Who Caused By Cause And Effect: Ge Encourages Sexual Promiscuity, Do You Believe He Is God?" It is God who destroyed the plague now.
　　"Deyang Li Juan: Ge Shen said that the whole people play.
　　"Who has cause and effect spared: It is definitely not God who teaches people to be unethical." In the future, there will be people with magical powers posing as sages of Lagerstroemia, and demons will also have magical powers. Those who teach people who are not moral can not believe it. Read private messages.
　　〃 Deyang Li Juan: The goal of human evolution is to complete human nature. Only when individuals are absolutely free can human nature be fully realized.
　　"Who has cause and effect spared: Did you see the private message?" In the next three and a half years, at least one person will be killed worldwide due to various disasters.
　　〃 Deyang Li Juan: The computer is online and I cannot see private messages. Ge Shen 20331126 Datong, universal salvation, are eternal.
　　"747498518: Pneumonia may be the result of this g, why don't we kill him?
　　Deyang Li Juan: Can't do God.
　　"747498518: Always try, so many people suffer, haven't you seen?
　　Deyang Li Juan: Rely on Ge Shen.
　　"Cause and effect: The individual is too free to make others not free. It's like someone arrests someone as a slave to get free labor. All rules must be formulated on the premise of morality. A true sage must be a person who is unwilling to indulge. Do you understand the definition of a sage?
　　When the disasters in these three years come one by one, you will know the attitude of the Jade Emperor (the Christian God, God) towards people's sexual immorality, killing and eating meat. Disaster reduction is not a joke. At least one ban person has died in the world.
　　"Deyang Li Juan: Everyone is free, Ge Shen does not reduce disasters.
　　
　　383, meidailasi: Finish, this cult of surname Ge
　　This is the headquarters again? ? ? !! !! !!
　　This group of locusts will fly to kill [Headquarters] again? ? !! !!
　　No less than a dozen posts have been captured by these cultists named Ge!
　　Just like the Chinese saint, Apocalypse, Three Realms of the Sage, 2012 Top Ten ... wait, there are many! .
　　They will make themselves masters, and then send something disgusting.
　　The surname Ge will send a video, every day I miss his ＾wordofgod￣! !!
　　What else is Ge's son who claimed to be the god! Shirtless singing video? ?
　　The two are uglier than each other, and the sound is worse than one! Where does the self-confidence send videos? ? Speak voice? ?
　　Then all the friends went away, and the post died.
　　Only these gangs of neuropathy themselves are infinitely obscene!
　　Then those are all blocked!
　　Looks like you can't keep the headquarters? ? ? ? ? ´´.
　　
　　384, silly girl En: Ge God, antichrist.
　　〃 Deyang Li Juan: Accepted with pleasure.
　　"747498518: When will it be resolved? That's not numbers. Every number is a broken family.
　　Deyang Li Juan: This is acting, 20331126 Ge Datong.
　　"747498518: Acting? Oh, there is no pneumonia in Wuhan, so I can rest assured. Those patients should be mass actors, please tens of thousands of group performances, gj also has money. That's it.
　　Deyang Li Juan: For Ge, for Datong.
　　"Zhenwu Emperor: I will see if there is anyone who has come out. Anyone who claims to be Ge La is banned.
　　Guanguan empathy: God is always God, man is always man, and man must always rely on God's help. The correct will of you, who does not fear God, is more likely to be abandoned.
　　"Jurong Hongxin: Ge is God.
　　Blue: Is GYm the Gaia mother?
　　"Jurong Hongxin: Yes.
　　
　　385. Pigevara: Why is there a safari head everywhere?
　　Also use it as the head picture, isn't it disgusting?
　　Everywhere Ge Gege, are you hens?
　　I think you TM is a cult leader.
　　"Liu Yiwen: Four Xiaoge
　　Everyone has a responsibility.
　　〃 Riding Friends' House: Who is this person?
　　"I don't know Wait for you to say it."
　　"Xian Cai sighs: Geren demon has also turned herself into a Latina mixed-race Ivy actress.
　　〃 2007chunlu55: He has been attached to him since he was a little demon, and has been attached since then.
　　The sage went out of the mountain first to destroy Ge, and the second to wipe out those who calculated the hexagrams and hexagrams to insult the sage to break the altar.
　　Resolutely destroy the doctrine of the Virgin!
　　"Liu Yiwen: Xiaoge.
　　Listen to a word of persuasion, if you do n¨t believe the Bible, you will die. The whole universe asks you to compare ~!
　　
　　386, Galloping the World 2020: Please don't insult social science, magic stick.
　　Ge Shen: I am Jesus + Marx.
　　Geyema GYM, the Trinity.
　　"2007chunlu55: He is talking about acquired things, not the language of God, saying that God is purely a master of the world. it is ridiculous!
　　Ge Hua: ＾wordofgod￣s are about the future.
　　"2007chunlu55: She preaches liberation, so humanity is a plague.
　　Ge Hua: The purpose of human nature: absolute freedom (eventually).
　　
　　387 、 Star Tang Yan and Ge Shen Twitter Interrelation
　　(image)
　　
　　388, idfixd: Brother Ge, someone at Moore Manor
　　Scolding you is worse than going to the toilet to eat. What do those Taiwanese think of it? Wait until the Republic of China is established in 2033.
　　Our common goal is to unify Taiwan and seize power to build a true communist government and a social proletarian government.
　　"Ge Shen: 20331126 Datong of the World. Communist society worldwide.
　　"2007chunlu55: It is a demon's appendic disease and also has a neurological disease. What is God's disease?
　　Ge Hua: Gym was anointed as God.
　　
　　389, galloping the world 2020: You are contradictory, Marxism is atheism.
　　Ge Shen: I am Ge Yiminism.
　　"August 3 www: What makes you so superstitious about Ge Shen stick?
　　Don't you know he's talking in a dream.
　　Deyang Li Juan: Ge is a god, a dream, a vision.
　　"August 3 www: such a fake fairy tale, do you believe it? Are you stupid?
　　You don't really take the number of fans as the basis for Ge Shen stick.
　　Ge Hua: "You have to listen to him." These five words only appear when God speaks to Moses, Jesus, and Ge Yizhen. The daily expression is: you must listen to him, you must obey him.
　　〃 August 3 www: I do n¨t even believe in Jesus ~ Say you still believe in Jesus.
　　"Ge Hua: Jesus who believes in the next coming is Ge God.
　　"Wolf Moon Wolves: 20191001 King Ge Min, brother came to sing a song of" Ge Sheng Da Tong "(the rhythm reference we are socialist successors):" We are Ge Hua, Ge Sheng's flowers. We are Ge Hua, ＾wordofgod￣s Ge Hua. Nervous text, Saint Fei. The light of hope, once in 19th, Datong World, was set at 33. "
　　"Seal of the Fire: What cult organization is clearly abandoning the soldiers to protect the commander, God has been defeated one after another, and began to sell teammates.
　　
　　390, like a stream of water: Teacher Ge, I like your article, I believe you are God.
　　I am a sophomore now.
　　When I was young, I wanted to unify the world.
　　Gao Yi met Teacher Qin, Qin Yantao.
　　Ge Shen: Study hard, and it will be useful for a lifetime.
　　"It's like a flowing year: then he gave me his college thesis and unified the world's power.
　　I didn't expect you to have such an ideal.
　　My goal is Tsinghua University.
　　"Ge Shen: I am 5 steps in the unified world of Senior Two.
　　"Like the current year: To unify the world.
　　I became a politician after being admitted to Tsinghua University.
　　Have the right to change later.
　　My name is zyn.
　　Ge Shen: I'm Peking University, ideal.
　　"It's like a stream of water: But it's too strange.
　　My teacher also had this ideal when he was young.
　　"Ge Shen: It sounds good.
　　Human desire.
　　"Like a flowing year: Last year I met a senior Ma Xiaodong.
　　This is also the ideal.
　　But many people disagree.
　　I also think I'm nervous.
　　Also said I was neurotic.
　　The first time I saw your story, I felt too much like me.
　　Ge Shen: You have to study hard.
　　〃〃 Like a flowing stream: Hmm.
　　I feel that true Datong requires everyone to become a saint.
　　Copy into the same talented person line.
　　Ge Shen: But students, you must study hard.
　　"It's like a water stream: I understand.
　　
　　391 、 Tang Yan: # 押秤 朔 朔 Get 匯襖 # 牝 飜 The same hairstyle is good!
　　Ge Yimin: Hello, molasses.
　　〃〃 Tang Yan: Reply @geyimin Thank you for your attention.
　　"Ge Yimin: Tangtang, take the opportunity to report, Baidu Tang Yan pay attention: 1,717,962 Posts: 38,203,747, your molasses has been working hard! !! !! It's also your popularity! !! !! The two of us interlinked, and I'm happy for 2 days so far. Thank you!
　　
　　392, Emperor God dies: She said that his name was Ge Hua.
　　〃 Idfixdgatstar@qq.com: Ge Sheng, I hope you can go to fps, and anti-cf, I hope you can merge anti-cf and fps, to discuss issues about you and the fundamentals. Thank you.
　　〃〃 Taiwan FC Preparatory Director: To be honest, at this time, Ge Hua had maliciously complained that the owner of the Yi servant was dismissed from the horse. If it was n¨t for yubaozen's early detection, take down the main post in front of Ge Hua in time. This has been reduced to The road to ascension and the exposition of the universe have come to an end. There is no place to discuss any method.
　　"The Lord is here: Thaksin Pasha ~ Mix it with gold ~ Come here to innovate and subvert one law ~ How can you suffer this crime? Who can I mess with? At that time, the Egyptians took Ra 底 away ~ Now he wants to take away the rule of One ~ Where are you playing? Playing double reed with Gehua ~ one sings white face and one sings red face ~ is the last thing to finish?
　　Either from Ge Huafeng, or let one method follow his personal will to "innovate" and "subvert"? Want to face?
　　"Re-awareness: Either there is no clutter and there is no good communication, just when Ge Yiming steals or trades or creates several numbers very early.
　　
　　393 Three Holy girls
　　Ge Yimin was born in China, and Chinese is his mother tongue. When he was young, he met his classmate Xu Qian at Jurong County Middle School and liked her. Then he met HanQinfen, a foreign classmate at Nanjing University, and liked her. Then met Li Juan of Sichuan on the Internet and liked her.
　　
　　394, idfixd: Yes, Ge Shen, the key is that someone wants to block you
　　Because you are banned by the entire network, the so-called Taiwanese are not good at you.
　　The rule of one wants to beware of you. Anyway, because the golden age is blocked, they do n¨t know Ge Sheng. I heard that someone uses your name to do Ge Hong salve. There are many surnamed Ge in watching TV programs. The famous Zhuge Liang is also smart.
　　They are not interested in you and are very careful about you.
　　It is expected that the owner will immediately fall, plus three and ten years, and in 2033 you declare a communist society, this will be yours in the future.
　　Ge Sheng, you are dismantling. I suggest the rule of one is also dismantled. Most of them issue anti-Ge speeches that will affect you. The rule of one is that you are saying originalism?
　　What they mean by you is that you are not enough to criticize your view of history and that literature is not as good as their Sichuan official.
　　Now the law of the first hype about your originalism, and some people think that the Lord does not meet your requirements, this Lord has banned many people.
　　Political writing is good, you can refer to it, but Rael's genius politics is too brutal.
　　Your famous ＾wordofgod￣s are published in Hong Kong. Will the Hong Kong Government now criticize your articles against you, or some people on the website can't see them? Some people say that the National Party has been banned.
　　Comment on the issue of reunifying Taiwan. When the Americans trigger two wars in the Middle East, they will be able to revolt and form the Republic of China, and there will be no foreign interference in reunifying Taiwan.
　　
　　395, Station B [Net Philosopher's Baby] Barrage: The Only God
　　GYM
　　＾wordofgod￣
　　gym
　　Ge Yimin
　　Supreme God
　　I am God, you listen to him
　　Ge Yimin
　　This is god
　　He is god
　　Ge Yimin
　　"" Game Dreamwalker: Ge Chi ,,,
　　"End of the Philosophy: Ge Zhe now seems to be still posting videos like a zombie at station b."
　　"Zhou Chunjiang, Phantom Frog: Grass, Ge Yimin can still be seen at this time.
　　
　　396, XEQZGFRUMLK: Announcement
　　Ge Shen Yi Yi Min 2
　　Prophecy. The owner, because of the dissemination of headshots, books, etc. of the target of Operation Net.com, has been blocked.
　　"August 3 www: You are so stupid that you don't know if you have been deceived. Ge Shen stick has not let you pay.
　　Ge Hua: Free Gospel of God.
　　"Re-awareness: When no one was mainly occupied by Ge Yiming, he ran out personally and saved himself from the fire, then Ge Yiming's spirit became xxx spirit?
　　Deyang Li Juan: Ge God alone.
　　〃 GM-Knolos: Your god cannot guarantee himself because I am here.
　　Deyang Lijuan: Ge Shen is three levels higher than you.
　　"Dark Web CID: As a result, I have encountered more Gehua ＾wordofgod￣s."
　　
　　397, Southern TV broadcast interrupted.
　　It happened in Britain at 5:10 pm on November 26, 1977. Broadcast disruption caused by interference with the Independent Broadcasting Authority (IBA) 's Hannington launch station.
　　〃 Idfixd: Ge Sheng, this video was released on November 26, 1977.
　　Note November 26, 1977 = November 26, 2033.
　　At the same time, aliens help mankind to realize communism, there will be no large-scale conflicts between the world and the world. A society that always adheres to Marx's theory requires aliens to establish scientific and technological manifestations to completely eliminate nuclear weapons.
　　They believed that Ge Sheng's prophecy represented the faith of Ge Yimin for 50 years.
　　November 26, 2033. Datong, the world ¨s mankind, entered a communist society. The original prophecy suggested that November 26, 1977 would be November 26, 2033.
　　That is, 1969-2019 = 50 When Ge Shen was 50 years old, he delivered his neurological speech, and at the same time, 50 years old when the neurological paper was published.
　　
　　398, Henry Wei: Is God Material or Conscious?
　　Ge Shen: God is spirit> consciousness> material.
　　"Henry Wei: Believe it, what's the benefit? Don't believe it, what's the danger? Could you explain it?
　　Ge Shen: We build the world of Datong. You or whoever believes it or not, it is the same.
　　"Little Leaf Cat: Ge, stupid fat guy, take care of yourself, you're done with this neurosis!"
　　You see, you grow up with a fat pig, fat and swollen like a big animal.
　　〃 Wjt111167: 2019 soundproof cotton forever.
　　
　　399, shuang5220083: Ask for advice. Geshen what stem
　　Ge Hua: Author of "＾wordofgod￣", Jesus + Marx.
　　〃 Ty_No conscience 720: Socialization and Internet Revolution
　　Dou Mou, Tian Ya, Hu Mou and Kai Mou all have the same forums.
　　Ge Shen: Hello, Douban, Kaidi, Tianya.
　　What is it?
　　Tiger flutter also has Ge God?
　　
　　400 、 Like a stream of water: Is there any Lagerstroemia saint in the world?
　　Ge Yimin: Prophecies are not credible, but in the end, human society will have great thinkers and build great cohesion.
　　"" Tianfeng Haoran: finished reading
　　Not really nervous? !!
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Shen forever.
　　〃〃 Idfixd: Everywhere you have your Ge Yimin number, do you want to expand the video to Tudou, Youku, Kuaishou, Douyin, Watermelon, Tencent, iQiyi, other websites.
　　〃 Kinjar: Holy Order Wang Xiaolong First Dragon Rider Warrior Zhang Tianzi is the strongest broken army summoner. Ge Shen is the ultimate guardian of the Great Magister. They are all important people who have been waiting for the first time.
　　
　　401. The adversary returns: who explains what stumbling on Ge Shen.
　　〃 Idfixd: I also saw that Xintiandi will preach them more than you, but they have more than 20,000 Xintiandi believers. I think you are too few and lack religious belief. I believe that they are better than those recruited by the New Culture Movement Less, if you are the founder of the teaching, and then spread the word that I am God, you have to believe him. This is not the same as the Jesus Bible. It ¨s not the same as telling the religion. , You said no.
　　"Ge Shen: You can only propagate your thoughts, publish your ＾wordofgod￣s, hype your popularity, you cannot organize, domestically.
　　〃 Idfixd: I also believe that you oppose cults and contribute to the New Era Movement. The so-called Kobola cult, we are all Chinese, what kind of things, foreigners who are lazy and do not accept ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　402 、 Datong World Network www.gegod.com
　　"Idfixd: There will be 33 levels of Freemasonry in 2033. The 100th Anniversary of Wuhou was released in 1933, which means that 1933-2033 = 100, which means that the 100th Anniversary of Wuhou predicted the establishment of communism on November 26, 2033 society.
　　〃 Iiiiiiiiii: Ge Yimin, you want to save the world.
　　"Rage of Thunder: Several great gods in the picture go to Ge Demon to have fun.
　　In the picture, several great gods go to Ge Demon Group to have fun.
　　In the picture, several great gods went to win the Ge Demon Group.
　　"＾wordofgod￣ chapter twelve 152: If my Ge Yimin is infected with new crown pneumonia, I would rather be transmitted to me by a beauty.
　　
　　403. ＾wordofgod￣ 10.46. Is there a counter-revolution in politics? Is there reaction?
　　Is it politically sensitive? Since politics is only a means of distributing wealth, do you say it? :) It is nothing more than you, I am less; or more me, you are less.
　　"Henry Wei: Read it over and over again, and you will know where you are wrong and why. Because you have several important concepts here that are inexplicable, I don't know what is being said. Maybe you are clear, but you do n¨t understand the basic language expressions. Speaking out, others ca n¨t understand or understand.
　　Ge Shen: Hello, economy: producing wealth; politics: distributing wealth. My opinion is from Nietzsche. In my opinion, the ultimate human society and the economy are absolutely equal, that is, the communist society.
　　Chapter Nineteen The great socialization and the Internet revolution are now feasible.
　　"Henry Wei: Do you spend so much effort, is it because Nietzsche is a foreigner, China does not know how many people there are? One truth is that the East and the West and the Chinese and foreign countries should be the same everywhere. Are you pursuing truth, or are you pursuing more people and fewer people? If it is the former, you can think without reading at all, if you want to understand, you will have the Tao. How much effort should be saved in this province?
　　If it is the latter, you do n¨t have to think about it, you do n¨t have to think about it. Like overseas democracy hawkers and hawkers, you copied from Greece to Rome, from Socrates to Nietzsche, and cut and paste into large articles. Stunned
　　Ge Shen: Hello, I think that Chinese-style meditation, and even the Buddhist dharma, cannot change the social form or the living conditions of the people. There is no difference between Daqing and Daqin. I ask for truth, I am contemporary Christian communism, that is, Jesus + Marx.
　　Of course, in the Internet era, information explosion and hype are indispensable.
　　
　　404. Wu Dao Buddha: The top ten saints are not called holy except Ge.
　　No more confidence, and the prophecy made a joke.
　　"Mochizuki Dumb Wolf: I believe that" Nervous "can be written, and that neuropathy can be artificially created.
　　"" Mountain of Chu River: Is this occupied by Ge Jun?
　　〃 He Zhengyi: Pot God, a dog with a dirty cock!
　　The pot god cult is dead! !! !!
　　"" Holy Spirit Feather God: Ge God is a cult, you can search online, do not vote for those cults who support Ge God's speech.
　　Until now, his followers have lurked on various platforms, retaining their excellent characteristics.
　　
　　405, Luo Le and the North Star in pursuit of her: Guan Yu Ziwei Sage,
　　There is a Ge Yimin who claims to be Ziwei Sage. Ge Yimin is actually a black force in China.
　　There are not many sages., May 2014, Ge Yimin, killed my classmate, Shen Luole, Huzhou,
　　That matter was drowning in Qingheli Reservoir, Shaoshan, Hunan, in 530, 2O14. There is a photo on the Internet, this Ge Yimin, hand
　　There are hackers, you can use the mobile server to listen to any phone calls for mobile users, crack the computer, Ge Yimin is in the middle
　　The country is the darkest, and the biggest cult, MLM, organization, they are all over Beijing, Shandong, Hubei, and Guangdong East
　　Smile ,,, reality, network ,,,
　　Ge Yimin's cult, why can I use "mobile", monitoring, because "mobile network" is in Guangdong, Guangdong
　　It ¨s their branch. It ¨s actually a mess in China.
　　Shen Luole is the 99th student of Huzhou No.12 Middle School, and the first grade (3) my classmate, class teacher, Wei X 〜 ,,
　　This Ge Yimin cult, exists in China, is a threat to any Chinese,
　　Guan Yu why Ge Yimin, persecuted me ,,,, did not explain ,,, he is a big cult ,, I hope any good person to see
　　See, help me spread out ,,, It ¨s not important who Ziwei is,
　　"Wang Jingting: Really.
　　"God of Ge": I am alone, I have no subordinates, I do not know Shen Luole, I dare not kill chickens, I am not with anyone
　　Right, I wish everyone a happy and healthy life.
　　
　　406, Baiyun has Canggou: Outside the number, outside the number! Holy Bar "Shameless Rogue Ranking"
　　Second place, Ge Laoxian, prodigy has great mana.
　　"" Lovely Heart and Dream Fate: Who is Ge Shen?
　　Ge Hua: One of the top ten, neuro-authors.
　　"Savage_Ritaka: That aristocratic old man's strange Weibo went in and saw Meng Chi and Ge Yimin.
　　"You Dashan Ren: Ge Weiner has a political intention, don't mention his name in my post, can you make me feel like he is all the same? I don't want to break the law!
　　"Zhenwu Emperor: You can stay here, I will allow you to speak for the time being, but you are sending me crazy, I will not be bothered to blacklist you.
　　
　　Chapter 407: ryu: The stunned sacred god is blocked in various networks
　　The only one who can kiss his hot Weibo is applause and cheer up.
　　〃 Beard is too long: Becky will be causal.
　　I had argued with it the year before, and ran back again.
　　There is a little deviation in the field of faith, that is, the disaster is no longer there, Becky dare to help open a performing arts venue.
　　〃 Ryu: In the past, the shell village only had political theory and P shares, but now it has evolved.
　　The ebb of the P-shares has aroused theology, the wise sees theology, and the mediocre looks at the news.
　　Listening to the god of God, please Xiaobian sister pull down the Xiaowen, I did not face to steal the scenery of God of God.
　　"Listen to him."
　　There is a mother-in-law at home, so there is no man in China.
　　Assault followed the consulate to collect Chinese-made masks.
　　Then he heard God's Word.
　　Chinese people in action.
　　God has plural little lover.
　　The owner of the Shell Bay Bookstore is preventing and controlling being granted Chinese nationality across the border.
　　Packed this scum god.
　　For the poor of the boss.
　　Look at the puppet flesh.
　　"" The past is not as good as smoke: Some netizens in ryu say that you are a spy, I really don't believe it, but what you did directly confirmed your own spy behavior. First, Mr. Chen Long, and then Ge Yimin, what did Ge Yimin normally interfere with you, and have you provoke you? Hit me now, who will you hit next time? Alas, your ryu is not only a spy, but also a split personality ... There is a spy ryu, don't make excessive remarks, be careful when you return home and get arrested.
　　Ge Shen: Hello, he hit me, I don't know, I look for his post, I am happy when I scold.
　　
　　Chapter 408: Baidu Post Bar to Qualify Ge Shen as a Cult
　　Bar Name (Prophecy)-Bar Master ID (Ge Shen Yi Min 2)-Reason for Disposition (Cult)-Means of Disposal (Revocation)
　　
　　409. Sinister Son: Purple Saint is Ge God.
　　"I'm lying on my back: I just don't post the topic, and I don't promote Ge ＾wordofgod￣.
　　"Rugai: Ge Dasheng is here, this is not your style."
　　"I'm lying on my face if I don't know: Ge Hua didn't brush the screen before. She didn't brush Zi Mei Dao. She was all happy.
　　"" Rulai: You have too many numbers, and you don't know if it is a person or a team.
　　"I'm lying on my back: I and a disciple, 2 people. However, it is no longer the only post. Main attack outside the net.
　　
　　410. Ge Shen: I saw an article about Lagerstroemia in 2006
　　I thought it was a specific person, and I was not convinced at that time, because I wrote "＾wordofgod￣" in 2004.
　　At the time, 2012 was very hot. I was 2019, and some people replied to me, saying that those years.
　　Saints and friends talked hotly, and Ge Hua posted the screen, and the major forums hyped Ge Shen everywhere.
　　The New Testament is all 2000 years old.
　　Old books refer to the Old and New Testament books.
　　The new book refers to ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　Ge Shenshan.
　　The extranet is like the sun and the sky.
　　Follow 9, followers 727.
　　〃 Mir2_rxcq: Just mention Ge's nt suggestion to pull the blacklist directly.
　　
　　411, ryu: The most shameless Chinese on the planet has long been born in the United States!
　　"Guan Ge's criticism is not critical, Lao Tzu said everywhere."
　　"Shen Biren 13: When will Ge Shen return to station b?
　　〃 Jushachenglou: Geshen, it is not as good as a day.
　　"Ge Hua: The Internet is red.
　　〃 Unpaid just now: Ge Shen is the greatest.
　　〃 XEQZGFRUMLK: Why do you harm China?
　　Why do you claim to be an epidemic?
　　"Ge Hua: The world will last forever, 20331126 Ge Datong.
　　
　　412, professional bastard: Ge Dashen, Gong and shovel did not catch you to labor reform.
　　"The temple shrine Yu Yu: one bit of Ge God, understand.
　　I am waiting for the true Saint, but rather holding a false god, I walk my Yangguan Road, you go back to your Gao Laozhuang. Our well water can't make a foul ditch,
　　Oh yes, he said that you and I should not be seen in general, you have to listen to him.
　　"" AN00912: Ge, forcing! !! Oh god! !! !! Called Ge Fart! !! !!
　　"Dao Je: A woolen yarn.
　　"Warmth: Why is Ge Xiaolun so shameless?
　　"Beyond the Secular: Who is Ge Shen.
　　"" SCP343K: What is Ge Shen?
　　〃 Easy Daisen: What does this man do?
　　"Hua Man Lou: This Ge God is everywhere.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge 20191001 has become a god.
　　
　　413 、 Flower Bird Wind Moon gg: Ge Yingmin is the only god
　　Very precious, you should listen to him.
　　〃 Mother Austen: Propaganda xj is shameful.
　　"Fr. Aussie: If you do this again, I can only report you.
　　〃 Mother Auchen: Go and say to geyimin.
　　"Beasy Billy: Geyimin Grass."
　　〃 He Zhengyi: Defeat Pot God, Xintianxindi has arrived! !! !!
　　"Hero Qin and Han: four gods of Geshen.
　　"I cover up my dignity: the four beauties.
　　"XEQZGFRUMLK: This group is engaged in harmfulism: fraudulent donations, spreading rumors.
　　
　　414, ryu: In this small village, before Wang Baduo
　　We can only look forward to Hi 2 Kagome.
　　Qiyi geyimin: God Ge Yimin is two levels higher than God and three levels higher than humans. "God:" Ge Yimin created the Creator, the Creator created God, and God created humanity. "
　　Fengzhi ... fat tank ... out village ... clothing ... shallow washing ... worse ... she ... snake ...
　　Slightly more mistakes should be foreplay, orgasm, and haha.
　　Ge Shen: You are already the author of ＾wordofgod￣, salute!
　　"XEQZGFRUMLK: Report your gang that spread the virus.
　　Drug addicts.
　　"Rage of Thunder: Write to death.
　　Talk on paper.
　　
　　Chapter 415: I Zhan Ge Shishen: Isn't it Roasted Pueraria Root?
　　"Mountain of Chu River: Ge Shen is the greatest.
　　"Mu Nizhi: Your existence is to reflect the difference between ignorance and wisdom. Continue ignorance!"
　　Ignorance is ignorance.
　　〃 XEQZGFRUMLK: Last year gave you a year's chance without correction.
　　This year I will truly report your arrest.
　　"Ge Hua: Thank Ge Ge.
　　"Bills that passed away: Baidu can't find it.
　　"Ge Hua: The treatment of leaders.
　　〃 Wjt111167: Cut kidneys and benefit the people.
　　
　　416, fanlaifuqu: geyimin is good!
　　〃 NO_meansNO: The Chinese in the circle are slaves, without independent and critical thinking. As the blogger points out, there is no right and wrong view, who is on the stage is the truth, the fart people attach the trend of inflammation, but unfortunately, Li Wenliang will die in vain. Repeated, hateful and sad.
　　"" The past is not as good as smoke: facts speak louder than words.
　　￣Outside the picture shows the setting sun: Whoever is in power, the people follow, roughly so. But there are exceptions. In the late Cultural Revolution, criticizing Deng, countering the right-dumping case, the people do not follow.
　　And after Hua Guofeng and Hu Yaobang step down, they are still loved by the people ...
　　"Ge Shen: Hua Guofeng, the left (extremely left) thinks he is a traitor, the right and others are just honest people. Hu Yaobang, right-wing love, others can't figure out what's going on.
　　A collective emperor is not as good as an emperor, and the people bear N times the burden.
　　
　　417, the official YouTube YouTube number: Ge Yimin wants to go out of the mountain
　　"Ge Yimin: Ge Yimin 20331126.
　　〃 Youtube official number: Are n¨t you sanctified?
　　20191001 became a god, 20331126 Datong.
　　"-Jing Ting: Ge Shen
　　"Super Beastmaster: God wants to eat?
　　"Ge Yimin: Complete person.
　　〃 Usually through the girl Jin Jin: God or something is unnecessary.
　　"Zhu Xia: Brother! You "Nervous".
　　Ge Yimin: Nervous, me.
　　"MB262: Grass.
　　"U.S. Congress: Thank our Lord.
　　"Ge Yimin: Love the Lord.
　　〃 Haru Haruka: Ascension of God.
　　"Ge Yimin: 20331126.
　　"Huahuang Monkey: Forty-two Chapters (Lu Dingji Biscuit).
　　"Ge Yimin: Chapter 27.
　　"Shen Biren 15: Ge Shen, why did you delete a few videos and not make new ones?"
　　"" Generally through the barbarians: Is this god deity?
　　"ZombieAki: 0 play, the most miserable god.
　　〃〃 橿 い 駄狭: GYM IS GOD
　　-Jingting: Ge Gege.
　　〃〃 Tabgackha: Exposing Luhan IS GOD
　　"Oh, boiled meat: bllh is god (truth).
　　〃〃 KBS electronic card: あ ゛ Today も Operation S し か っ た な ゛. Early morning book (missionary) し な き ゃ (gym's unique sense of mission).
　　
　　418, Nicole Kidman: Ge Yimin is really holy.
　　"Ge Hua: The same ＾wordofgod￣ in the world.
　　〃〃 Youtube official number: Are you registered to push? Special.
　　〃 Children on the left: Ge Shen, you are so nice and attractive [炸 兩]
　　"Shen Biren 15: Thank you, 20331126 Datong.
　　"2007chunlu55: I do n¨t know that all the saints, gods, Taoists, and Buddhas in Eden are big liars!
　　Ge Yimin did not know the Garden of Eden, and would not say that Garden of Eden was a god liar. Those who support others are cults, and the poorest are those who are deceived.
　　"An Gongxuan: What is Geshen's zodiac sign?" Does this friend know? I am new here.
　　
　　419, XEQZGFRUMLK: The lord of this land claims to be a Christian Jewish gang
　　He was engaged in hazardism in China, questioned the Xianggang police, hinted at supporting the steel storm, joked about the Chinese outbreak, made false donations, and was blocked by fundraising platforms.
　　Human flesh, stealing other people's privacy ID numbers (evidence method: can you ask him how to know the names of others?), Mobile phone number threatened to take the net bag, clamoring for possession of firearms, support for foreigners to stay in China forever, flood the epidemic, harm China, Spread the fine day, collude with Japanese enemy activists, and threaten to threaten the safety of others.
　　Insulting others claiming to be an epidemic, implying to learn the cult of Korean cults, spreading rumors and evil behaviors are filed by the Zhenjiang Public Security Industry and Commerce Bureau, suggesting that they are allowed to support it, and the Zhenjiang Public Security Industry and Commerce Bureau does not support it. ).
　　Control the use of labor reform criminals, those with abnormal mental illness behaviors send cult texts, make naked and indecent videos to poison and ugly Chinese people, and use the disabled and seemingly mentally disabled persons to commit wicked crimes (verifiable).
　　Use a unified person to set up an avatar, uniformly endanger books, and Unified Computer is currently the target group of the Net.com operation. I hope that I will be caught as soon as possible. Please contact me if you need evidence for investigation.
　　
　　420, the immortal son: Ge Shen realm has been ignored.
　　"2007chunlu55: Ge Yimin's propaganda for liberation is a human plague.
　　Ge Yimin has a vision that is possessed by monsters! Do not believe to see appendicitis, it is all that kind of preaching.
　　"Xianzi Shengzi: Believe in the God of God for eternal life, believe in the egg God is liberated; believe in Ziwei get the idea, believe in Laozi get the faith.
　　〃 2007chunlu55: A dream is a ＾wordofgod￣, and it is the best of the world. It's so funny.
　　The most pitiful is that those who have been deceived have become the beliefs of monsters. You can imagine what kind of thinking this is.
　　There are other--.
　　When Zhen Sheng comes out, he will destroy the monster Ge!
　　"" Unwilling to follow the wind: give me money, I will take you to God! Xiaoge, I have already cultivated the way to the human, and I have already exceeded the realm of the saints! Give me money and I will sanctify you!
　　If you are willing to be a saint, call me God the Father, otherwise your ＾wordofgod￣s will not be recognized by the avenue!
　　〃 2007chunlu55: I do n¨t know Eden, not a saint, not a god, a formative neurosis, a cyber scammer.
　　Ge Huaren: You are a neuropathy, you can't live forever, it's hard for me.
　　"Xinzi Shengzi: Doudou love Gehua.
　　"Seven Killers Fan Zun: Cut.
　　Dissatisfied cut the egg!
　　I've cut your eggs thousands of times! Can you still treat me as I see you! I cut your eggs thousands of times.
　　"Zhenwu Emperor: You are playing with fire, let me think you are a member of Gerry.
　　"Erotic Son: Ge Shen soars into the sky.
　　Can't sink.
　　Ge Shen fly to me.
　　Ge Hua was lying on the bed.
　　Little kudzu flower.
　　"Others: The whole soul who pretends to be God will not be.
　　
　　421 Louis-Nicholas Cl└rambault: The Trial of Ge Yimin
　　In the pain just now, I lost my strength, and all I could do was to pray ... My spirit was still clear, and I knew very well that this was Ge Sheng's judgment on us.
　　"Dong Nu's meditation: Liu's is terrific, and his dream control methods are not bad. Who is superior?
　　(The former dream of Ge Shen Liu Yifei, this dream Shu Qi).
　　〃〃 Freetelescope: Yours is going to be occupied by cults, do n¨t hurry up to clean it up.
　　〃 2007chunlu55: I hate those Ge Hua Ge Yimin who come to destroy posts! A group of cults!
　　Can not live forever is acquired, not religion, so Ge ??￣wordofgod￣s are farts! Otherwise, all beings in the world will understand.
　　"Sinister Son: Ge Shen, prophesy before, Lord.
　　Dali7373: Where is God, can you give an example.
　　"Sinister Son: The ＾wordofgod￣ is God.
　　〃 Dali7373: What kind of divine law, can you let the people see the glory and give a glorious deed? Wouldn't it be your old man? You are Welcome!
　　
　　422, Shen Biren 13: Lord Penny also believes in God Ge?
　　〃〃 Wang Jingting: Do not believe in ＾wordofgod￣s and refuse to die, which would make him very embarrassed.
　　〃 XEQZGFRUMLK: The host group gang illegal person steals the privacy information of others to net bags to create rumors and scams donate to harm the society, control the use of mentally retarded behaviors of people who are not normal to shoot vulgar videos naked to vilify the Chinese, like the people caught in the Northeast. You can pull the head to convict and you are not afraid of arrest. Evidence method: 1. The landlord gang learned the names of others through human flesh. 2. The information about the names of others was not authorized by the sender.
　　In your novel, how many women did your gang say that you are better off, you turned out to be the head of the "domestic version of Room N"?
　　Human flesh steals and releases other people's information to privacy children.
　　
　　423, ryu: Some say that God listens to G ＾wordofgod￣s, and some say that Bone Extract is the most popular now.
　　I then diagnosed the front page headline of the People's Daily overseas edition. Fortunately, neither G ＾wordofgod￣ nor bone essence, still Xi Jinping, relieved, thank God. Still trying to survive the red epidemic? Wu Yu said that his head was flattened, and in layman's terms, even dreaming was a refrain. Unless these goods are converted to the Chinese dream. what? what? Dreaming in vain? really. Go to Hankou to wait for the ashes! Do good deeds.
　　G ＾wordofgod￣! There were 7871 new cases of confirmed new pneumonia in Spain.
　　Oh my God! Your bones! Who is this poison, and what kind of sin?
　　G ＾wordofgod￣ you are blind!
　　〃 XEQZGFRUMLK: Hurry to arrest the cult gang, the landlord, and prevent the cult from gathering and infecting.
　　〃〃 Poster user_aRZMQ7W: Did you create a religion yourself?
　　If it is then 666.
　　
　　424. Guang'an Flying Man: I propose to expel Ge Zhu and Yaoya these two mentally ill dolphins.
　　It ¨s true that boss Liu did n¨t do anything for a day, and some of the charms would jump to his head.
　　〃 VIP_ wisdom strings: Ge is the devil.
　　You evil person.
　　Ge is a villain.
　　I'm not afraid of Ge this villain.
　　〃〃 XEQZGFRUMLK: The state hastily arrested the bar owner gangs. They illegally propagandized cults, fabricated this saying that he has immortality, interferes with the control during the epidemic, and gets sick. The epidemic cult gathers harm and spreads, this gang is of no benefit.
　　They unified people, websites, poisoned books and words. Although their gang has been listed as the target of Operation Net Net and has been permanently blocked and banned, they are still spreading. I am the victim of their lie.
　　〃 Ge Hua: 20331126 Ge Shen Jiang Shan.
　　
　　425. There is no limit to being a human being: Can a Christian be higher than Jesus?
　　Like Ge Shen.
　　The book written is higher than the Bible, such as ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"VIP_ Wisdom Strings: Ge is a villain!
　　〃 There is no limit to life: proof?
　　"VIP_ Wisdom Strings: You are the evidence, because you are villains."
　　〃 There is no limit to being a human being: We Gehua preach the gospel to you for free, how beautiful is our footsteps.
　　"VIP_ Wisdom Strings: You devil, open a bunch of trumpets to lure people to hell.
　　〃 There is no limit to being a man: Ge Hua wants to build a communist society, a new world and a new world.
　　Tempt you to go to heaven.
　　〃〃 VIP_ Wisdom Strings: Your new world is hell, go!
　　〃 There is no limit to being a man: in a communist society, everyone is equal and free, is it not good?
　　Ge Hua wants to build a new world, a new world, and a communist society.
　　I still want to bring you.
　　The Bible needs to be updated, that is, ＾wordofgod￣s, God still has the right to speak today.
　　"VIP_ Wisdom Strings: Hell is your paradise!" Go on.
　　〃 There is no limit to being human: what is your paradise? In what year? Only after death? Our paradise 20331126
　　Gehua 20331126 was built into heaven. What year are you guys?
　　〃 Mochizuki Dumb Wolf: I watched Ge Yimin ¨s wedding video today
　　1994.02 21
　　Can record with such a camera, I do not know how much RMB was spent
　　
　　426, silly girl en: This is occupied by Ge fart
　　〃 2007chunlu55: Fame and fortune neuropathy is also a god?
　　I do not know that "Eden" is not a god, this is the disclosure. Ge Yimin is self-righteous.
　　True and false:
　　Claiming to be a saint
　　The theory is not light.
　　To ask how much the true saint,
　　Thousands of jacks carry the head.
　　Is it God to write a broken book? Slippery world!
　　The neuropathy is all blooming, it is the kudzu flower, and the neuropathy will never be cured when the result is achieved!
　　"Ge Hua: God's Word = ＾wordofgod￣.
　　〃 2007chunlu55: It ¨s an acquired language, what is God? God is the role of spirit, if people are opposed to it is fart!
　　"Ge Hua: God was created by Ge Ge.
　　〃 2007chunlu55: Dreaming is not dead, which is too slippery!
　　"Ge Hua:" You have to listen to him ", these five words only appear when God speaks to Moses, Jesus, Ge Yiya, and the daily expression is: you have to listen to him, you have to obey him.
　　〃 2007chunlu55: He said that what can be achieved can be achieved? They are all nonsense and deceitful. The real God has a magical charm. He has no fart, so he eats, drinks and sleeps, and propagates that liberation is a plague.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Shen has visions and dreams, now two major.
　　
　　427. Mo Yi's Moon Month: When Laozi preached in Zheba in 11 years, Ge Xiaohua was holy
　　I was told to disappear for a while. Nowadays people are afraid that they have never seen me dare to be scolded in front of me!
　　〃 VIP_ Wisdom Strings: You group of vipers, a group of evil spirits.
　　〃〃 Tree9990: Turn it around. .
　　There is only one problem: I have to confess in pain: "My mother is ordinary." . . .
　　This will not happen. Who would admit it because the mother usually needs to cry. Ha ha.
　　"Geyimin1969: I wrote it in my second year of high school, and it's already in my ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　Explained that people pursued ideals at that time and admired Gao Daquan.
　　
　　428. Do not believe that ＾wordofgod￣s are enslaved: the future chapter of the book of neurovision.
　　〃 2007chunlu55: Seeing fame and fortune neuropathy lie to you is nonsense, the source of all evils of fame and fortune neuropathy. Ge's ＾wordofgod￣s are not God's language, and propaganda-type liberation is a plague.
　　Without enlightenment, you do n¨t even understand the meaning of God. Fame and fortune neuropathy must be cut off.
　　Can write a broken book, let alone have a dream, is God? He also said that listening to him is really a big joke!
　　The neuropathy is all blooming, it is the kudzu flower, and the neuropathy will never be cured when the result is achieved!
　　Why should I criticize Ge Yimin? That's because he really doesn't understand God, I don't know God, his article is blasphemy!
　　Where is God? What is God? I do n¨t know or understand these Ges, and I still say God in a shameless way, do you say it ¨s a lie?
　　
　　429, Jin Rongsu: Ge Shen supreme!
　　Believe in GYM, God will live forever.
　　"Broken Heart from Heaven: Ge Shen's family is good. Don't you have to work?
　　〃 2007chunlu55: ＾wordofgod￣s are acquired ＾wordofgod￣s, independent extremes, saying that sacredness is incomplete reason and doctrine, not even truth. Sacredness is about longevity and glorious life. I do n¨t know if it ¨s really sacred.
　　Baidu Post Bar is full of Ge Yimin's posts, he is not a god, nor a holy, you die this heart!
　　"Hehe justice: evil teacher, pot god.
　　Pot God, antichrist, neuropathy.
　　〃 Ge Hua: The maximum death penalty for God Ge.
　　"Ye Laixiang: Ge Shenwan is extremely capable, but the reality is still waste.
　　〃 Second: It ¨s a pity that you have a great career in Geshen ¨s home, and it has already settled in western developed countries, many times higher than the five in the wall.
　　
　　430, Mochizuki Dumb Wolf: Ge Shen's tragedy is a living specimen
　　Gu Chenghaizi's tragedy is a dead specimen. It is all the result of the promotion of certain black hands.
　　〃 Wa and Dao: Ge Shengu will wait to repeat the mistake of the wheel one day.
　　〃〃 Onisno: This bar was taken by the song, strange.
　　But my own words.
　　Songs want to capture this, this can't resist. . .
　　After all, it is not an energy level.
　　The masters of the end of the world are all given a message by singing to human flesh.
　　You can think that Du Niang received his money, or you can think that the song has someone at the top.
　　After all, the fastest way to monetize a specific ability is like Wang Lin and other circles.
　　Monetization is not about changing ability into money, but from ability into ability.
　　Just like I knew the lord of the temple, I just need to help him put on white gloves and do some very simple things.
　　This is the ability to realize.
　　Strangely, the saints were scrapped by a team time and time again.
　　Isn't this a purple face?
　　How to mix in this world in the future.
　　431, 2007chunlu55: You hegemon and eulogize the end of Ge?
　　They are all enemies of the true saint, and there is no good ending!
　　〃〃 Bourbon France: This is a cult, report it when you see it.
　　〃 Ge Hua: The maximum death penalty for God Ge.
　　〃〃 2007chunlu55: You obey the creator and are three layers taller than others. I would like to serve him even higher than him.
　　〃 Ge Hua: Ge Shen is a perfect person.
　　"2007chunlu55:: Even if you say that he is a god, he is not a god! He doesn't understand.
　　"Do not believe in ＾wordofgod￣ enslavement: Do not believe in ＾wordofgod￣ death.
　　〃〃 XEQZGFRUMLK: This gang member is a cult gangster, clamoring for guns, suspected of harming society (the picture is proof)
　　Pretend to pretend to save people's fraud (you can call the fundraising platform as a proof)
　　Control the use of labor reform criminals, severe mental patients (Baidu can check)
　　Spreading rumors and cults on the Internet with people with irregular behaviors using false information names to harm people
　　Has been sealed, keep away from contacts.
　　People I follow: Plastic products.
　　
　　432, Ge Hua 13: Ge Shen has no shape, no name and no shape
　　Ge Shen is indescribable and indescribable.
　　Ge Shen is everywhere, not to be named and everywhere.
　　Conclusion: Chong Tower = Chong Ge Shen
　　〃 Poster user _7bV45by: Neuropathy is arrogant, neuropathy without self-knowledge.
　　"XEQZGFRUMLK: You Jews are really bad."
　　〃 Dark Web Hee Hee: Boss, are they Gehuas Jewish?
　　It ¨s a joke everyone knows, but it ¨s definitely not Jewish!
　　"Gehua: Chinese Gehua.
　　"Uncle Cat Cat: How much is General Ge's official website, but there are beautiful women responsible for publicity.
　　I remembered that there was a Ge Hua named Liu Yifei before. Although I didn't know if it was really cosplay, my little hands flicked the post to the collection. I thought I might be able to take a picture when I was invited to visit the Gejiao headquarters one day.
　　What should I do after closing the film? Post it to Liu Fan to show off.
　　After satisfying the wish to show off, instead, his heart was full of chatter, and he continued to post posts under boredom to see if there were other Gehua irrigation.
　　The life of chasing desire is so lonely like snow.
　　"Ge Hua: Tang Yange God Twitter mutual relationship.
　　
　　433, cosplaycat: Ge Shen, really caught you. Afraid to drive others crazy
　　There is no convincing political opinion from beginning to end. After reading, I just think you are crazy and counseling. No brains and no guts. If you dare to use your real name, do n¨t be afraid of cracking down. You wo n¨t change your mind when you go to prison. If your wife and children are wearing vests, they will overturn the wall. I really think that the political fallacies of your kind can only harm the country and the people.
　　〃 2007chunlu55: Even if you called him God, he is not God! He doesn't understand.
　　〃〃 XEQZGFRUMLK: The avatar of the scammer was finally removed, and the gang has been bluffing again and again.
　　Thank you victims and justices for your concerted efforts to report! Everyone can celebrate at will! ! !
　　You Tairen is really bad.
　　〃 Dark web hee hee: Boss, they are really not Jews-Jews are a group that believes in the only true God Judaism (not believe in Christianity); today Jews mainly exist in Israel and the United States, a small amount in other countries
　　
　　434. Truth and Truth: Lutheran! ‐Communist Christianity／
　　This is the most godly teaching that has made me embarrassed in recent years ... I have to admit that their teachings have entered the scope of the truth of the Great Universe to some extent ...
　　The Declaration of the Christian Communist Union
　　"Peking University Shanshan: Teacher, your post is a match with my political book.
　　"" Chun Dao, the true Tao: I am not the leader, Ge Shen, the prostitute in Japan, I am just a little leader of Baidu's general altar.
　　〃 Zheng Ziwen: What about the rudder master?
　　"Shen Dao Chun Lun: The two masters are in closed practice.
　　〃 2007chunlu55: If I do n¨t write foreign things, I write about China ¨s wise and mysterious culture.
　　
　　435. Invincible old urchin: Ge Shen, brothers take care! It's a man! True patriot!
　　"Woshidayedi: When people ignore life and death, the savior can only turn to other countries ...
　　China ca n¨t buy a murderer for 1,000 yuan ... Wang Jun went abroad early ...
　　〃〃 It ¨s really difficult to get a pen name: please do n¨t argue downstairs, the landlord is the leader of Ge Shenjiao, suspected of preaching.
　　Please see the declaration of the landlord on the personal channel and his post in the world of blogging. All kinds of missions are not allowed in the garden, please forgive me.
　　〃 Sqlserver: The Father manifests himself. You have been the boss for a long time.
　　
　　436. Others: Ge Shenhuo is because he is the Chinese leader of the next era
　　It is already our blacklist.
　　"Stupid girl: Warm congratulations to Ge Tui and his friends.
　　"Hero Qin Han: Ge Hua has been fighting! ! !
　　〃〃 Climbing Hill: Who is this Mr. Ge?
　　Who is Ge Yiya? Where is he?
　　
　　437. Post user _Q4DGDe4: Can anyone explain to me what this means
　　Christian Communism.
　　"" Dead face: Ge Shen supreme!
　　〃 You have to drink tea: Do n¨t be ashamed of level 10, it ¨s quite shameful.
　　Baidu took a look and got an impression. .
　　Just a stick. But I'm curious about where he used the money to buy the naval force. Ordinary people can't get this.
　　〃〃 Dead Face: It ¨s well-known, not just in the left circle, esuwiki hangs him, does n¨t he still say hang well
　　
　　438. Another dream: Whose book is Nervous?
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Shen.
　　"" Is another dream: a lot of his content is to explain the dream, if he can explain more realistic things will be better.
　　"Ge Hua: ＾wordofgod￣ 27 chapters, only the first chapter of different dreams.
　　〃〃 Ours: Well, according to my experience, this "religion" of Yun can not be regarded as a cult.
　　〃 Poster users_aRZMQ7W: Ge
　　God
　　wisdom
　　Da Hang Dao philosophy.
　　Hey, he knew it was deceiving, he just wanted to adjust a thing, and he got himself adjusted, hey.
　　"Ge Hua: King Ge 20331126.
　　〃 Poster user _aRZMQ7W: Hahahaha do n¨t know where he came from.
　　〃〃 Ge Hua: Nervous Vision Book.
　　〃 A car goalkeeper: Who is Ge Shen?
　　Who is Ge Yiming and what he did, I haven't figured it out yet.
　　〃〃 Neural 600,000 words.
　　
　　439. Ge Yimin's agent involved
　　At the end of 2014, the civil sciences and emerging religions (such as Baidu Jiese Bar, Ge Yimin, Zhang Xingang, etc.) that had similarities with Net Philosophy gradually received the attention of vulgar people. It is also gradually becoming vulgar, and the folk vulgar department and the emerging religious vulgar department have basically taken shape.
　　In June 2018, Yang Fan ordered Sun Xiaochuan, during which Ge Yimin's agent intervened, and the war of the Three Kingdoms broke out. Some dog fans have begun to be vulgar, so-called "sexuality and common prosperity".
　　The vulgar activities of Miura Coast also include hype of existing vulgar stars. At the beginning, Ge Yimin himself was active in this bar and had interactions with TV chefs, Bollywood clams and others. P pictures are the mainstream way, and there are also BB materials, writing articles, and creating insulting comics.
　　
　　440, Shangfeng completely banned Ge Yiminshen
　　Baidu has blocked the keyword "Ge Yimin" for a long time, and now 360 search and Sogou search also block the keyword "Ge Yimin".
　　Instantly enjoy the treatment of super leaders. Shangfeng is really afraid of Ge Shen's "fire of stars, which can start a prairie fire."
　　
　　441, Shenlong spitting: Ge Shen, the second big paper in the 21st century.
　　〃 VIP_ Wisdom Strings: Devil.
　　Who is with you, you are the devil.
　　〃〃 Dragon Spit: Was n¨t Ge got locked in a cage?
　　"Ge Hua: No, hype, King Ge 20331126."
　　〃〃 Xu Xiangguo: Ge Yimin, you have a ＾wordofgod￣, let everyone have a look!
　　〃 Ge Huazhang Youliang: gegod.com
　　〃〃 Xu Xiangguo: Ge Yimin, you did n¨t die even if you got the new crown, but it ¨s really tenacious!
　　〃 Nature and Construction: Ge Ge?
　　〃〃 Anonymous user # 7: Ten ceremonies Ge Yimin is fine, these two people are already quite stunned.
　　〃 West Wind Sand: This is an era of gathering of gods, hehe.
　　"Ge God: Everyone Sage Everyone God.
　　
　　442. Aixiu.com: Sentenced Net Zhe | Who is Ge Yimin
　　Diplomats are expected to provide some clues so far. Ge Yimin's Golden Law does not go against anyone. In 2011, how many people would benefit from it? Quotes, Franklin Ge Yimin, academically a genius, even Ge Yimin! State Book, "Ge Yimin's Creed."
　　Economic book, you must insist on extramarital affairs.
　　Ge Yimin
　　Ge Yimin, Internet thinker, activist, celebrity, diplomat, Ge Yimin Zhang. After he took office, it was not an economic book, not a princess who refused to accept his promises. come out.
　　Who is Ge Yimin
　　The book of immortality, faked as "Ge Yimin Jing", the Han nationality, Xing Zhuan book, this Ge Yimin is a very powerful old man, the prophecy about the end of the world in the scriptures. In the book of dust, Ge Yimin couldn't hold back the surprise in his heart, and he has been making a name for fifteen years! Talent skills!
　　General Ge continued to talk to his netizens about his great idea of ??Ge Gong. Thinkers, those grains are used by Ge Yimin and Zhou Ji people are in urgent need. Ge Huaxunshu, Plekhanov have the meaning of understanding, let's push back the secrets and so on.
　　Ge Yimin
　　Chinese sage, Roosevelt looking for the probability of 1 in 10,000 nervous Ge Yimin.
　　
　　443. Ducks who cannot swim: let alone the Communist Party, the Holy See is also afraid
　　Are "anointed as Christ".
　　In Ge Yimin's dream, God said: "I am God, you must listen to him." ... (Ge Yimin was anointed as Christ)
　　"Geyimin: Ge Shen is two layers higher than God and three layers higher than humans.
　　〃 Guangge: I think I declare propaganda ideas, release ＾wordofgod￣s, hype the popularity, can not engage in organization, domestic, so everyone is opposed to vulgar, you ca n¨t hype the popularity of Internet philosophers.
　　"Ge Hei: Ge Yimin?" Is n¨t that the brain disabled? Did you come to order after reading this? Ha ha.
　　
　　444, King of Kings: Ge Shen, dare to go and Trump to advise him how to save the world.
　　〃〃 Yuanke: Love Horse I even read the material God stickers can only be deleted by meowing meow :)))
　　"Bisson: I actually finished reading. I have too many dreams, but I have never seen so many dreams, so recorded.
　　〃〃 Yuanke: Rose is so special :)
　　Lijun Yimin Yilan Jinlan :)
　　〃 Bisson: Plain and contagious. The student days that never go back.
　　It feels much more precocious than the average boy.
　　""Humph! Fat cat: Heavenly book, I don't understand Hey. . . Sigh: Wizards and Wizards!
　　〃 Caspase: Probably the second is yin and yang, the change is too little, and the third starts to increase and become the world. Such as the Three Kingdoms and the Three Body.
　　〃〃 Simon52: Socialism is not feudalism, it is an authoritarian regime.
　　
　　445. Vulgar Encyclopedia: At 8pm on April 14, 2020, Shen Yiren was impersonated in the condiment forum, and Ge Yimin suffered a fourth water meter check. During the encounter, he collected fingerprints and blood samples and became a sensitive person in an instant. Later, Ge Yimin admitted himself It is impossible to continue the fight, only to switch to the cultural direction.
　　
　　446. Lan Douyun: According to the law of spraying world xx.
　　Unable to lose.
　　Sophisticated calculations.
　　Take the initiative to admit the loss.
　　If you don't admit defeat, but half-retreat, you will lose.
　　Ge Shen has won ,,,,
　　The god of war Ge Gemin.
　　In this bar, several cultists who blamed Ge Xmin were blocked by Baidu.
　　"Height Keanti: Ge Shen This is a demon's words to confuse people, do not believe in nature without.
　　I don't know, just familiar.
　　
　　447, idfixd: I dreamed of Ge Hua, a woman looks like you
　　There is a Gehua ID card on the WeChat profile picture. This is the information given by the aliens. I hope the world will be peaceful in 2033.
　　World Harmony was realized in 2033, and 2020 to 2033 equals thirteen years. The Third World War recorded in the movie broke out in 2053, and it was 33 years from 2020 to 2053. There are 13 states in the United States and Freemasonry Thirty-three levels, Ge Shen is the boss of Freemasonry, congratulations.
　　〃 Dfrt: No one who claims to be a saint can believe it. If Allah has a talent beyond humanity, why should he prove it to you?
　　〃〃 Return to Decheng: Why are you still pulling together? Do you want to die! If you want to die, no one can hardly live with you! Huan Ge jb is useless! This is crazy! Go to the hospital soon? Treatment and post here again!
　　
　　448. Vulgar Dog Wiki: An introduction to what is key politics
　　Key politics represents different positions of the keyboard man. For example, the class struggle is divided into two sides, which are mutually exclusive. For example, the great men selected by the political parties at the time of the election and then attack each other's opponents, so the key political representative Ge Yimin.
　　〃 Fan Maggot Wiki: 20020827, ascended to heaven on the alma mater campus in vision, God said: "I am God, you must listen to him", "This is my beloved son, I am pleased, you must listen to him", there are clouds Lowering, he pointed to Yemei.
　　！！The Book of Yemei 1: 8
　　Brain upgrade text
　　"Ye Mei Jing".
　　〃〃 Idfixd: Your blog is good, but the Pink Maggot Wiki hangs on you, and there are vulgar encyclopedias, but the vulgar Wiki reserves your entry.
　　Ge Shen, I saw your blog saying that someone used your name to taste green onions and was checked by the internet police. You better be careful. You can go abroad, but the internet police are active on Twitter, and Facebook is safe. Those faces The librarian claims to be a QAnon anonymous hacker group, and they want to fight against the government. It seems that you have been noticed by a key politician. Someone from the vulgar dog wiki has fun. Be careful, the true future civilized democratic science in China is not being realized. Many people rate you as a hero of the people's fighters and people, and check the water meter carefully.
　　
　　449, Ge Shen: Hello forever, based on
　　(Chapter 18: Socialized Production and Internet Revolution
　　Chapter 19 World Government and Datong World), the world will be unified and will not last long. The final form of the world must be a communist society.
　　As for the sage of Ziwei, of course, I do n¨t recognize others, but I admit that, like Jesus and Marx, thinking has completely changed the world.
　　Hello Xiaoteng, thank you for giving me the link. As long as I advertise, mentioning me is to advertise me.
　　〃 Kllqso: No political activist is allowed to discuss politics. No military activist shall be allowed to discuss the military. Those who do not have religious acts shall not discuss religion. Let your father eat your delicious old soul.
　　You better figure out, the global disaster is still one after another, you are a nerd.
　　"Ge Hua: King Ge Shen 20331126."
　　〃 VIP_ Wisdom Strings: Devil.
　　〃〃 East ten Article fifteen chome: @TRUE SMALL fighter How do you act like this This kind of post talks for an hour? It's really interesting, just resign.
　　"Ge Hua: Tojo, because he knows the maximum death penalty for God Ge, only you and the second floor do not know."
　　
　　450. Favorite chaos in the world: (Review on the United Nations Weibo)
　　Ge Yimin, Zhenjiang, Jiangsu, posing as an Internet thinker in the guise of a purple saint saint and a Christian god, used Baidu as a gang to control the post. Long-term propaganda that men and women should be sexually intertwined like public toilets, using education as a means to trick rape There are countless women, and a group of people posted in the post bar threatening Liu Yifei to accompany him to bed and become a saint. He is the largest rape crime gang in the country, but no one has questioned. There must be many associates in government departments.
　　￣(Vulgar Dog Wiki) Anonymity 8411: You can believe what Netizen Ge Yimin said.
　　I know the play, Ge Yimin said that the 2033 World Harmony refers to 2020-2033 equal to 13 years. There are 13 states in the United States. The play says that Freemasonry will have 33 levels, indicating that 2020-2053 = equal to 33, 33 years from the century war, But such a person will surely be hit by revenge from justice.
　　
　　451. Douban: It is a pity that your "Chapter 12 Quotations Book" has been removed.
　　Reason: Contains radical political or ideological content.
　　"" Commitment in the wind: Lao Ge, Kiwi Encyclopedia said that you organized the walk in the first year of Heisei, can this be the case?
　　〃 Dfixd: Mr. Ge Yimin. You are welcome to watch the article. I am negotiating with those who love and love, and hope to persuade them to submit to God.
　　〃〃 Henry Wei: Against your point of view.
　　〃 Ge Shen: Thank you for your opposition. I think I am depicting the future, and today is the two major (socialized production and Internet revolution), a better future has been achieved.
　　"Henry Wei: Don't be a good person, just be an ordinary person.
　　〃 Ge Shen: Today ¨s global productivity and technology can enable all people (poor people?) To lead a better life. It is really unnecessary to consume political infighting. I really seem to pass through the future communist society.
　　
　　452 、 Vulgar Dog Wiki: Anonymous 12264 is the elder real god stick Ge Yimin who tries to touch porcelain everywhere
　　How many Bibles are printed by Christianity, and how many times is the reader of the Bible broken?
　　Ge Yimin is a broker, you have to report him!
　　〃 Idfixd: Thank you Ge Shen for evaluating, China still cannot be democratic and free. You must really learn from Chen Duxiu and Mr. Lu Xun who have cultural talents. I know you are forced to switch from politics to culture by checking the water meter. It is a good choice .
　　I'm evaluating a famous quote for you: Ge Shen is great.
　　Ge Shen, please look at the link. The people of the vulgar dog wiki are reporting you. He thinks that the vulgar encyclopedia about you, you may be checked the water meter, but I tell you that you naturally ignore the report of curse, Ge Ge is also Ge Reasons to spend, but looking at Ge Hua, some people report to the police to report you, you are not afraid of being checked water meters or immigration abroad?
　　"Ge Shen: Thank you. I have read it. I am not afraid to report it. In 20 years, I have reported too much."
　　〃 Principle of Peaceful Coexistence: Come on, Ge from the beginning of 11 years, Ge has not been fired now, it is estimated that until the hiccup fart can not get up.
　　
　　453. I am not cycling: the so-called Ge Shen is a guilty conscience
　　Just cheated.
　　Even if there is supernatural powers, it is not excluded.
　　Is mortal capable of challenging God? Will God create stupid things to blaspheme and blaspheme him? Unless God is not love, it has the characteristics of stupidity, stupidity, madness, and madness.
　　"Ge Shen: Good thing, mentioning me is to publicize me, whether it is black, hanging, or lifting.
　　〃 Lanshiyu1617: The old five of Yun explained to me why there is still the vulgar renunciation of leaning to Yun?
　　"Ge God: the power of the gospel."
　　〃 Lanshiyu1617: So is the repetition to let others sell their lives? i got i.
　　"Ge Ge: Eternal life."
　　〃 Lanshiyu1617: I believe you can live forever? No wonder you can find so many Yao Ye II to speak for you.
　　"Ge Shen: Yao Ye, did not see. The second is Ge Hua J.
　　
　　454. idfixd: It seems that Ge Jesus is right
　　China is just a cesspool, and overseas is a pool. It seems that you are not interested in domestic popularity, so you go abroad to increase the heat, right? Now the demonstrations in the United States are affected by your ＾wordofgod￣s, thinking that ＾wordofgod￣s have said a lot about content subversion If you believe in the Bible in the West, God Ge is really great, and all they believe is controlled by your mind.
　　"Ge Shen: Hello, Xiao Teng, the communist thought in the United States this time is in line with ＾wordofgod￣s, I should work hard!
　　"" Yubaozen: Ge or something, your second trumpet plus my "fan", do you think I don't know? Similarly, all the trumpets you posted here are waiting to be blacklisted.
　　
　　455, finalseer: cut to the people, cut off.
　　"Sister Crow: Actually, I deeply feel the author's skill in the review.
　　"Brother Immortal: Ge Cunfu still has some tricks to brainwash, don't care about the original poster, no matter who it is, he will be judged after death. Uncle Ge dares to sit on an equal footing with the Bible, and he will be in trouble.
　　"Ge Shen: ＾wordofgod￣s originate from the Bible, higher than the Bible.
　　
　　456、I don't know how to make money. (Ge Yimin)
　　Once home from school, grandfather and mother disputed a poem: "You don¨t know dawn in spring sleep, you hear birds everywhere; when the night comes, you know how much flowers fall." Or: "Night sleep (Yimin) doesn¨t know dawn, everywhere Smell the birds; the sound of wind and rain in spring, how much flowers fall."
　　I have always wondered how the ancient poems were passed down. It turned out to be fabricated by modern people.
　　I also suspect that the books of the ancients were fabricated by the present, including the Bible, Marx
　　181855 is too coincidental, covering with one slap and one slap.
　　Communism has been realized, and the religion now solves the problem of immortality.
　　Immortality is to keep organs from failing.
　　Dear King Elizabeth II, please introduce the experience.
　　
　　457, a bottle of winter cold: Ge Yimin, who is it?
　　"Feichang family: Ge will be alive next month.
　　"" Brother Bing is here: To put it bluntly, these moths are just trying to cheat money and sex.
　　"It¨s difficult to choose a name: This magic stick is the one who wrote the scriptures, right?
　　"" Leaf 12345567: Ge Yidan.
　　"It¨s difficult to choose a name: This guy just copied a Christian religion, wrote the scriptures and collected the disciples' offerings. Under dictatorship.
　　There are close to 100 believers coming, hey, there are too many fools, not enough liars.
　　Do not accept dedication, will you be Lei Feng?
　　"" The end of the catastrophe is coming: Is it different from the Old Testament? It was made up by the Jews. Now everyone believes it. Not to mention the ignorant and backward era. So how easy it is to make up a god.
　　"Finalseer: The cessation of the people, the cessation of the saints, and the cessation of them.
　　
　　Chapter 458: White Crystal Jade: What is the matter with Ge Garbage?
　　And everything in this post bar, sooner or later everything will come to an end.
　　I was not the one who reported Ge Trash's line, and I don¨t know it, but Ge Trash helped to attack my screen many times. Furthermore, Ge Trash was a god. Originally, they created their god, and the country has nothing to do with me. However, Ge Trash helped those who attacked me to scan the screen many times. They know what they are related to.
　　Why don't I like to report? Because I knew it was useless to report, the facts later proved that it was really useless. It was a waste of time because it was not time for Dashou.com.
　　〃Guanghuaitian Jewelry: Don¨t want the crazy ones named Ge, come, choose the Lord, I support it.
　　"" It¨s difficult to choose a name: Is this the one who wrote the scriptures?
　　
　　459. Flowers bloom on the Moshang, slowly returning: Are you the Christ in this world?
　　〃〃Ge Yimin: Admit himself
　　"Flowers on Moshang bloom, slowly returning: Then you want to save the world?
　　"" Ge Yimin: Yes, the ＾wordofgod￣ is
　　"Moshang flowers bloom, slowly returning: Can you save yourself after reading?
　　"" Ge Yimin: read spiritual
　　"Flowers on Moshang bloom, slowly returning: Then how can we detach from the world and move towards eternity?
　　〃〃Ge Yimin: Dust-Spiritual-Eternal Life
　　The present-the communist society
　　"Flowers on Moshang bloom, slowly returning: I understand
　　Do you have supernatural power?
　　〃〃Ge Yimin: It's a vision
　　"Flowers on the Moshang bloom, slowly returning: What vision?
　　〃〃Ge Yimin: Chapter One Vision Book
　　6. In the autumn of 2001, Ge Yimin lay in a big bed at his home in Zhenjiang to sleep in the morning. In a dream, the god said: "I am a god, you have to listen to him (Ge Yimin)." I woke up immediately and felt magical about "referring to Ge Yimin", his wife and children at that time At home. (Ge Yimin was anointed as a god).
　　〃Flowers on the Mosque bloom, slowly returning: You have thoughts by day, dreams by night
　　This proves nothing
　　"" GeYiMin: "You have to listen to him", these five words only appear when God speaks to Moses, Jesus, GeYiMin, the daily language is: you have to listen to him, you have to listen to him.
　　"Moshang flowers bloom, slowly returning: I have never seen a god
　　But since God wants us to listen to you, I want to ask what is your ability?
　　""Ge Yimin: No one has seen it, only in a dream
　　1. Communism. 2. Immortality.
　　"Moshang flowers bloom, slowly returning: I dreamt that an old man told me that he was a sage of Ziwei
　　"" Ge Yimin: There are too many who claim to be Purple Saints
　　"Flowers on Moshang bloom, slowly returning: This is the dream of crape myrtle
　　"" Ge Yimin: It's not you in the dream, it's the old man
　　"Moshang flowers bloom, slowly returning: Yes, the old man said he was.
　　〃〃Ge Yimin: You also admit
　　"Mo Shanghua blooms, slowly returning: I don¨t recognize it, I don¨t think I have supernatural powers, how to be a sage of crape myrtle, so I came to ask you, hope you can solve my doubts, honestly, I have always been very Pain, can you help me?
　　"" Ge Yimin: At night, at work
　　"Moshang flowers bloom, slowly returning: Okay, are you doing such a great thing and still working?
　　"" Ge Yimin: Complete god, complete person. Also living expenses.
　　"Flowers on the Moshang bloom, slowly returning: There are very few people who believe in this kind of thing, and everyone will only treat it as a novel. In my opinion, the person who is swayed by fate will have this kind of adventure, it is you. It¨s a vision, but there will not be many of the 6 billion people in the world. Those who understand will naturally understand that fate will bring them together, and there is no need to force it.
　　Just as you and I are both the result of fate that allows us to communicate. Fate makes me suffer and pain. I long to ask for these pains. Do you have any good solutions?
　　"" Ge Yimin: Live like ordinary people, happier
　　"Flowers on Moshang bloom, slowly returning: I live like an ordinary person, that's why I feel so painful
　　"" Ge Yimin: How old are you?
　　〃Flowers on Moshang, slowly returning: 30
　　"" Ge Yimin: Are you married?
　　"Flowers on Moshang bloom, slowly returning: No
　　"" Ge Yimin: Ordinary people get married
　　"Flowers on Moshang bloom, slowly returning: poor, dare not get married
　　In fact, they are just ordinary people. One third of their lives have passed. The ancients stood at thirty. This is almost the same in this life.
　　Ge Yimin: Poor, find the poor
　　Moshang flowers bloom, slowly returning: The point is not to find someone to live with, but to find a faith to live happily.
　　
　　460、Crailey: To the extent that Guo Jia attaches importance to it
　　Guo Jia will naturally take action. At that time, Ge is useless even Da Luo Jinxian.
　　This is Ge, the only way for the future. And the result is still a dead end.
　　"2007chunlu55: Writing a broken book is a saint. This is too simple. If so, there are too many saints!
　　"" Zhou Jiakai: These theories are not fulfilled when these theories are realistic. When the five countries eat the same food but metabolize different smells, then some are healthy and some are sick! I have seen the greed of human nature, which has always violated the rules and regulations, and the emperor's new clothes, Hua Wushi, fantasy until the sheep and the dog.
　　"Ge Yimin: The final form of mankind must be communism, because the most equal and perfect.
　　"Zhou Jiakai: GeYimin actually speaking from its theoretical content, I am not opposed to it, because it is fair to the humanities and society, but hopes that it is genuine, not a pirated version of Sheepskin Wolf, to perform the duties mentioned in the content, if Failure to fulfill everything is just a lie, I hope the genuine version will appear, thank you!
　　"Ge Yimin: You are so kind. What does the genuine copy mean? Communism originated from Christian priests (Vitlin et al.), and Marx also inherited it.
　　
　　461. Yemei: Book of ＾wordofgod￣ Immortality.
　　〃Fangzhuzhidi: Did you know that during the period when science was underdeveloped, the average life span of human beings was only about 35 years old. Now you are enjoying the blessings that science and technology bring to you. You actually thank the so-called religion. Are you sick?
　　〃〃CAT: Ge Shen is great!
　　"The place of Fangzhu: Ge Shen is a neurotic.
　　""2007chunlu55: I wonder if [The Garden of Eden] is immortal? Forever confused, forever blocked, never knowing!
　　"Ye Mei: ＾wordofgod￣ Ten 82 Immortality: 1. God's will. 2. Technology, everyone is a god.
　　"" Zhang Xing: I waited for the whole night and no one asked Ge Shengren the most worthwhile question? It goes against the original intention of Lao Jiang to find the most legendary classmate in our class.
　　@乞呀酎?Hello, what is the sect you founded? If it is not convenient to answer, just ignore it.
　　〃"Ge Yimin, Zhang Xing, hello, 20 years, come and go, now a few people, Baidu post it, repeat the ＾wordofgod￣, find my comment and send me.
　　The religion is sofa religion, and all believers can sit on a sofa.
　　
　　
　　462. Baidu searched for "Christian Communism", Ge Shen ranked second
　　The first is Baidu's own encyclopedia.
　　There is also a Ge Shen article on the homepage, from LinkedIn: "Chapter Ten Christian Communism Manifesto".
　　
　　463. God Ibrahimovic: This seems to be the deity of GYM
　　I also voted for his precious video when he got married, but unfortunately the video and himself were shot by Rui,,,
　　"A beautiful and strong lion: I have a backup.
　　"" Six ways to pass the cute people: This kind of people used to preach in the Soviet Union anarchy,,,
　　"Finalseer: cut to the people, cut off.
　　"Jusha Chenglou: Ge Shen ranked second, no one feels first.
　　""Lebejik: What is your goal?
　　"Ge Hua: A Christian communist society has been built in this world.
　　"Watching American TV series every day: The people who call me Tianmei are all from Gejiao, you should abandon false Christs!
　　"Ge Hua: Ge is the return of Jesus.
　　
　　464. Two permanently saved Songhua mobile phone messages
　　1. No! Yimei don¨t be a confidant~ Don¨t say sorry, Yimei wants you to promise that one day, angels and prophets will join hands with visitors. . .
　　2. Thank you Ge Ge for your commitment to Yimei! Yimei understands, Yimei will no longer embarrass Gege. . . Yimei hopes Gege will succeed soon! If God doesn't grant us fate, Ge Ge don't forget that there was a passerby passing by you, she is Ge Hua Q. Ge Ge's success is Gehua Q's greatest happiness!
　　"Lim Wei Bing: Sir, I have some questions here
　　1: When do you post a new video?
　　2: When will Mr. b's station number be banned and become a new one?
　　"Ge Shen: Both are this afternoon.
　　""Xu Farmer: The pride of Jurong people.
　　
　　Chapter 465: Watching American TV Shows Every Day: Jesus Has Not Coming
　　Ge does not meet the prophecy of the Lord¨s return in the Bible, so Ge ??is a false Christ. After his death, I wish you sober!
　　"Phoenix Tree 30: Ge Hua, judging by the fruits of your words here, you are a Christian who has no tenderness and whose life has not been completely changed. It is not even like a Christian's life status; what we say The gossip must be confessed at the time of judgment; therefore, you must now repent of your useless life value and emit the fragrance of life before God and man.
　　"Ge Hua: First of all admit that you are a true Christian, but Christians have not been able to save the world, so we god disciples have come.
　　"Xiao Teng: Brother Vulgar Wiki is resurrected, and someone put you on it again.
　　
　　466, Ge Hua: Ge Shen eight characters: Wushen, Yi Chou, Bingwu, Jihai.
　　(10:30 PM, January 31, 1969)
　　"Tieba user_a28R2Je: This is the enemy of Zisheng. Killed him for 20 years. Because of jealousy.
　　He has been looking for it since 2008.
　　He is crazy.
　　"" Specially cleaned up the saints: I haven't seen any appearances before, and I have been suppressed badly.
　　"Better in mind: 66 ＾wordofgod￣s, this view feels good, in fact, it is the same as Gaoxin Yanglian.
　　"2007chunlu55: Ge Yimin must hold the gold thread of the true sage, otherwise it will not be a fart!
　　"Specially packed up and said: Ge Dasheng is out again.
　　
　　467, Zhihu: How to treat GeYiMin?
　　"Wang Jingting: An amazing man who founded Christian communism and built a society of human harmony. His book "＾wordofgod￣s" can guide social development.
　　Ge Yimin is actually very smart, people's collective consciousness can affect reality. The same goes for the Illuminati cards, if a person claims to be a god. Then in the collective subconscious, it will affect reality, and it will be easier for him to develop in this direction.
　　Created the modern prophetic book "＾wordofgod￣s".
　　Baidu Tieba: Apocalypse (Ba's profile picture is him).
　　The boutique posts in the post bar have this bar friends¨ thinking about history and the origin of human beings, as well as their analysis and prediction of the future.
　　〃〃Ge Hua: There is an official website: Datong World Network http://www.gegod.com
　　
　　468、Thank you.
　　ZHB: Contact Information: Not filled
　　Customer source: shop consumption
　　Transaction amount: 0.01
　　GeYiMin god hello, please reply.
　　"Ge Shen: Hello, thank you.
　　〃〃ZHB: Okay, do you need money?
　　"Ge Shen: Of course, everyone needs it.
　　〃〃ZHB: Then I will pay you 20 yuan to fund the development of communism and Christianity and your personal living expenses.
　　"Ge Shen: Okay, thank you. It can be used for the Ziwei Sage. COM domain name, you can add WeChat 13952819473
　　〃〃ZHB: OK, please wait a moment.
　　"Ge Shen: Yes, thank you.
　　〃〃ZHB: No thanks.
　　"Ge Shen: Bless you, Xiaobing! ! !
　　""ZHB: Bless you too, God Ge.
　　Zhu Huaibing
　　
　　469, 20200907 Founded Geshen.com
　　Registered the domain name gegod.com.
　　The 20331126.xyz domain name has been registered for 10 years and expires in 2030.
　　Geshen http://www.gegod.com
　　Geshen Community http://www.gegod.com/bbs
　　Ziwei Sage Network http://www.20331126.xyz
　　GeYiMin all websites http://www.gegod.com/lj.htmll
　　
　　470、Anonymous: The Only Redemption 20331126.xyz
　　"Nymphobia: Come on, Ge Shen.
　　"" XTsui: Gods!
　　"There is a dream: Ge Shen is worse than not knowing, knowing is not good, not knowing, but he has lost his direction.
　　"" Ge Hua: Is it a good fate?
　　"I have a dream: Fate is very good, but it's a pity.
　　〃〃Tieba user_77Z4WeJ: What kind of god Ge Shen? In which temple do you receive incense?
　　"Ge Hua: Creator.
　　""Zi Sheng's teacher: Ge Shenku.
　　"Ge Hua: 20 years of official website ＾wordofgod￣.
　　"" Zisheng's teacher: So cool.
　　
　　471. The Second World: Once Ge Shen had a lot of popularity, the network tightened
　　The marketing of the navy was completely blocked.
　　[Ge Hei] The color of love (914355801) 2020/9/9 21:08:10
　　You can move closer to Teacher Li, his elder is the pinnacle template
　　‐Guangge／EGOIST(875130784) 2020/9/9 21:08:39
　　Why didn't Ge Bi be like Li Fawang?
　　‐Guangge／EGOIST(875130784) 2020/9/9 21:09:18
　　Even Zhao Weishan, Yao Lianghong, Luo Paulo, and Hu Yazhou are more tasteful than Ge's chaos.
　　[Ge Hei] The color of love (914355801) 2020/9/9 21:09:51
　　Where are these four heavenly kings?
　　‐Guangge／EGOIST(875130784) 2020/9/9 21:10:21
　　Zhao Weishan-East Shine
　　Yao Lianghong-Sabbath Meeting
　　Luo Paulo, Hu Yazhou-Linn
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:10:24
　　impossible
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:10:33
　　As long as Ge Shen dare to do that, he will get in immediately
　　‐Guangge／EGOIST(875130784) 2020/9/9 21:10:38
　　All claim to be graced
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:10:43
　　It can be an excuse for Ge Shen to immigrate abroad
　　‐Guangge／EGOIST(875130784) 2020/9/9 21:10:44
　　Can do miracles or something
　　‐Guangge／EGOIST(875130784) 2020/9/9 21:11:14
　　@屈弊 Learn from your aunt and put a good forensic doctor to not go to New Rome to beg
　　[Ge Hei] The color of love (914355801) 2020/9/9 21:11:32
　　Yes, so Ge ??Shen belongs to the category of self-entertainment, the old communists have all issued licenses, haha
　　‐Guangge／EGOIST(875130784) 2020/9/9 21:12:36
　　@屈弊 Isn't this released?
　　[Ge Hei] The color of love (914355801) 2020/9/9 21:12:57
　　Lao Ge's anointed is still very bluffing
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:13:10
　　No next time
　　‐Guangge／EGOIST(875130784) 2020/9/9 21:13:10
　　Yao Lianghong was released, the black fart picture is correct, and now he has a face
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:13:23
　　The next time I really disappeared, there is a record, because of the anti.
　　‐Guangge／EGOIST(875130784) 2020/9/9 21:13:34
　　Is Ge forced to learn from Yao Lianghong?
　　[Ge Hei] The color of love (914355801) 2020/9/9 21:13:35
　　Release it only as a quarrel
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:13:56
　　Is not
　　‐Ge Yimin／The Second World Geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:14:00
　　Long time in detention last time
　　‐Guangge／EGOIST(875130784) 2020/9/9 21:14:04
　　Ge Bi is a bit too embarrassing, right?
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:14:12
　　His nature is different
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:14:16
　　Ge Shen is the opposite from beginning to end
　　[Ge Hei] The color of love (914355801) 2020/9/9 21:14:19
　　Then even Qin Cheng is not qualified
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:14:21
　　It's too late to transform now
　　[Ge Yimin] II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:14:34
　　Continue to do it, only capsize
　　‐Guangge／EGOIST(875130784) 2020/9/9 21:14:41
　　How courage did you go when you went to the chariot lane?
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:15:23
　　Come back early.
　　[Ge Hei] The color of love (914355801) 2020/9/9 21:15:33
　　I really didn't see how you opposed it? No comment, no retreat, no gilding when entering
　　[Ge Hei] The color of love (914355801) 2020/9/9 21:16:07
　　Back then, it was a youth who made progress, now it¨s a crime youth
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:16:09
　　You don¨t know Ge Shen before
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:16:18
　　Ge Shen's popularity began to gather around
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:16:30
　　Now that the network is tightened, it's natural to have a bad life
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:16:37
　　Not a profitable business by itself
　　‐Guangge／EGOIST(875130784) 2020/9/9 21:16:43
　　As a result, the car is underpowered,,,
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:16:46
　　It's better now than Yang Fan and others
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:17:06
　　If it becomes severe in the future, I'm afraid it will be worse than Yang Fan and Jiezi
　　‐Guangge／EGOIST(875130784) 2020/9/9 21:17:16
　　The worst among the Four Flying Dances is probably Jiezi,,,
　　‐Guangge／EGOIST(875130784) 2020/9/9 21:17:28
　　@屈弊 Not as good as Jiezi, not as good as,,,
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:17:33
　　Isn't he cheating on the old?
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:17:36
　　Ge Shen has no place to eat
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:17:41
　　Own factory turnover
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:17:44
　　If you can't open it someday
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:17:49
　　It's over if you owe debts
　　‐Guangge／EGOIST(875130784) 2020/9/9 21:17:57
　　Yes, who would he chew when the goat died,,,
　　‐Guangge／EGOIST(875130784) 2020/9/9 21:18:07
　　@屈弊 Bankruptcy protection
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:18:08
　　It is estimated that next year
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:18:17
　　Ge Shen will be affected after Trump takes office
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:18:21
　　GG now
　　‐Guangge／EGOIST(875130784) 2020/9/9 21:18:24
　　Then do it for others based on work experience,,,
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:18:31
　　Also called
　　[Ge Hei] The color of love (914355801) 2020/9/9 21:18:37
　　Ge Shen's image is good, and the Internet celebrity effect factory is not bad
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:18:41
　　There is no way to promote it, and life is not as good as before.
　　‐Guangge／EGOIST(875130784) 2020/9/9 21:19:02
　　Learn to eat Orly to the old ba,,,
　　‐Guangge／EGOIST(875130784) 2020/9/9 21:19:13
　　Blood on the hour,,,
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:19:24
　　Ge Shen is too old-fashioned and will not
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:19:32
　　Only reread the manuscript
　　‐Ge Yimin／II geyimingod@foxmail.com 2020/9/9 21:21:16
　　People with vested interests always have an account, and that account is kept in the United States. One day they will have to check the accounts, and they will be pulled out for you.
　　[Ge Hei] The color of love (914355801) 2020/9/9 21:21:35
　　Don't dare to learn,
　　
　　472, the eldest brother of years, Jun Jun: Ge Shen. This person will die suddenly. Do you believe it.
　　I predict that Ge Shen will eventually confiscate all property and distribute the property to the poor people on charges of cult! And Ge Shen was sentenced to life imprisonment for this.
　　"" Sincere feelings: as long as you don't play too much, you should not die!
　　"Ge Hua: ＾wordofgod￣s: Everyone is a god.
　　""Zi Sheng's teacher: Ge Shen is here, it's not good for you to engage in monistic worship.
　　〃Momom: I think Mr. Ge is really good in some aspects, especially those sentence patterns that make you laugh so hard...
　　
　　473. Hong Kong manevil: I just discovered this "＾wordofgod￣" today
　　There is a lot of useful information, thank you! I am a person who has experienced the return of death, let's work hard to change the world.
　　"Ge Shen: Thank you for sure. Strive for justice, strive for fairness, strive for mutual love, and strive for a new world.
　　"" Good ID is given to God: I want to find God Ge.
　　〃Ge Hua: Ge Shen's official website gegod.com
　　"Lollipop: Ge Yimin said: You want to listen to him understand?
　　〃Savage_Ritaka: The Weibo of that noble master circle of strangers will see Meng Chi fight GeYimin at one point.
　　"" There is a dream: Ge Shen is indeed the protagonist, the first protagonist on the opposite side, take money to invest.
　　〃Gehua: Ge IS GOD
　　
　　474. @隆兆腎寂郊裏: Strangers in Paradise-Commemorating San Mao
　　"Ge Shen: Thank you for forwarding, GeYiMin early article.
　　At this time, I had never read the Bible and had no contact with Christianity. Christianity: Jesus was resurrected and ascended to heaven sitting on the right hand of Jehovah.
　　This article was written in 1992, and I only read the Bible in 2000.
　　""Ge Wen: Sanmao finally put down her Sahara,
　　Started another departure,
　　Strangers in this paradise,
　　Sat on the right hand of the Lord.
　　
　　475, manevil: God Ge, the saint does not call himself saint
　　It lies in being able to fulfill the virtues of saints and contribute to society.
　　"Novo0704: I don't call myself, but writing the scriptures makes people recite?
　　"May everyone honor the Father's name as the Holy Father..."
　　"Manevil: The scriptures are actually written by later generations, and the saints are very humble and do good.
　　"Novo0704: Later generations follow the requirements above... Isn't it annoying to make it?
　　The saint burns in the water, so there are few people...
　　"Ge Shen: Good two, I don't know much about Hong Kong dialect.
　　In the age of the Internet, if you don¨t play the flag, no one pays attention to it.
　　〃Hong Kong and Macau Green Tour: Christ Dogs must die.
　　""The Sun God: You are jealous of others, you can't die!
　　"Ge Hua: I am a god disciple.
　　〃〃Hong Kong and Macau Green Tour: As a disciple, I have seen violations of the sovereignty of others. Where have you been? God disciples should respect the sovereignty of others in a fair and law-abiding manner, saying that God disciples' behavior is rebellious and that they are not god disciples.
　　God disciples should slay demons and slay demons to maintain the way of heaven. Where are the god disciples today? Will the gods destroy the harmonious order for evil?
　　In a word, all ghosts that infringe on the sovereignty and name of others must be discarded.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Hua is god disciple, god disciple is Ge Hua.
　　
　　476、manevil: God Ge, even if you are not a saint
　　Your articles are very interesting, thank you for sharing.
　　〃〃Ge Shen: See the official website gegod.com
　　"Untitled: GYM Akbar!
　　〃〃Manevil: Very good, you can also choose multiple languages.
　　〃Ge Shen: Both Chinese and English are updated simultaneously. Other languages ??are old versions.
　　""Anonymous: I had to stitch up Christian communism. This is the origin of "＾wordofgod￣".
　　
　　477. Wuming: Why are the Ge cultists almost even the original words of GeYiMin
　　Values ??and so on can¨t be said, and almost every person such as Mohu Pin Cong has a copy of "X Quotations" in his head?
　　I have been observing the two stations for a period of time. Everyone's creative fancy milking method and unique political opinions are as wonderful as a group of exploding supernovae in the crazy universe, and their knowledge level is higher than that of Dr. Tsinghua.
　　But based on my internet experience and real-life experience, I found that most of the film Geists, such as Tieba Weibo, don¨t even know what Ge Yimin has said. They only know the God of Love, the Vengeance and the Buddha, shouting "CNMB" and "Christ". The slogan "Waste Green" and so on.
　　Once molested with a few Ge cultists who opened a trumpet and molested a few posts, they said some black farts with milk kale eggs, and found that they could not follow the trend and repeat the scriptures and brush the key words. In the end, there was a Ge cultist who actually returned Praise me for good neuroscience.
　　Another time I talked with relatives and friends and found that they didn¨t know anything except blindly follow GeYiMin, and asked them what GeYiMin said, what are their values, what are their neurological thoughts, and I don¨t know anything, so I said everything I know ( Including GeYiMin drinking the urine of a 7-year-old neighbor girl), almost everyone around me praised my high religious consciousness, understand GeYiMin so thoroughly, and will surely become a cadre of heaven in the future.
　　So can I come to the conclusion that most people who really worship GeYiMin blindly follow the trend and have very low knowledge levels, and are not good at independent thinking?
　　
　　478, manevil: I asked artificial intelligence, artificial intelligence also thinks GeYiMin
　　"＾wordofgod￣" is great and very interesting.
　　"Anonymous: GeYiMin is great!
　　"" Anonymous: full screen Ge Yimin.
　　"Anonymous: Since ancient times, sages and sages are lonely, but there are many lovers.
　　〃〃EGOIST: There is a saying that the level of Yi Ge may be higher than that of some Charismatics.
　　"Manevil: Can I become a god of equal status with GeYiMin?"
　　〃〃Anti-poison fruit warrior: You might as well try to get it first, if the god of the Qu family should immediately tell your full name, how old is your wife, what is your wife¨s name...
　　Manevil: "Nervous" is like a science fiction novel. Everyone is a god. Do these gods have any abilities?
　　"" Anti-poison fruit warrior: The god of care should have a supernatural power, isn't it you? The answer is 9 up
　　There should be J Jishen, referred to as the God stick... No wonder the ＾wordofgod￣s...
　　"Manevil: Everyone cannot be a god, because if gods have supernatural powers but no holy character, the world will be in chaos.
　　"" Anti-poisonous fruit warrior: God sets the devil? The original poster may not be a god or a devil.
　　It seems that the original poster does not understand Cantonese and has limited ability.
　　
　　479、Xingchen: Recently I often see this so-called God of Ge
　　Today, I¨m here to reveal the secrets of this guy¨s real body
　　Although this is not good, it sounds like a curse.
　　But it's the real thing
　　This so-called Ge Shen is actually a beast. The same goes for the reincarnated guys, those who follow him.
　　All animals. Gadgets
　　As for what kind of animal it is. What about birth?
　　Everyone must be very curious, in fact this animal. The origin is still great.
　　Because it has a close relationship with the legendary dragon.
　　So what exactly is it?
　　Answer: Jiao.
　　This guy ***, if he gets a big chance in this life, then he can directly transform into a dragon.
　　Everyone remembers it is a dragon, a real dragon. Not those fake dragons, but real dragons.
　　So, it keeps looking for believers, and it keeps looking for believers, the purpose is to retreat into a dragon.
　　However, Jiao¨s habits and dragons have a lot in common, that is, amorousness.
　　But the only difference is that true dragons can restrain their weaknesses, while Jiao is different.
　　This is why Jiao is Jiao and Dragon is a Dragon.
　　Of course, not all Jiao are sexually amorous.
　　So these dragons can successfully transform into dragons. In order to fly in the day without being condemned by the gods.
　　However, pity this so-called God of Ge, it has been put on the neck with a knife. Because if it doesn't
　　The woman it loves will be possessed by others.
　　In fact, it is still infatuated.
　　For the woman who has been practicing, has been practicing.
　　As a result, suddenly one day, collapsed, it went crazy.
　　Then the woman who forgot about it.
　　In this way, I slowly indulged in female sex, and gradually hollowed out my body.
　　Although he still looks strong now, he is actually weak and weak.
　　After all, if you die under the peony flower, you can be a ghost, let alone a man. Don't blame it.
　　It's just a pity that those infatuated women were deceived by him and lost their lives.
　　But it doesn¨t matter. It¨s just for love to dedicate yourself. It¨s no big deal.
　　It's okay to come a few times more, but it's still an honor.
　　Come, come, sisters, come and serve our Lord Geshen, he needs us to serve him. This is our glory.
　　We are winning glory for our family. It's best for us to be pregnant with its children, so that we can live a life without worry.
　　Hahahaha
　　Then Ge Shen, who has become mad, is no longer the self he used to be, now it is good and bad.
　　If you are happy, you will reward people with wine. If you are not happy, you will kill them on the spot.
　　In this way, everyone knew slowly.
　　So that the women who used to climb up just to wait on it, gradually became afraid of this moody demon.
　　In the end, many beauties were killed by this Ge Shen, and then they were eaten bit by bit and swallowed into their stomachs.
　　Finally one day this Ge Shen heard a news that Tianmen will open, but the place he opened will be in the world, so he will turn the dragon into a dragon.
　　I chose to reincarnate to a rich man's home in the world. In order not to be fascinated, it prepared many magic weapons for itself, and finally came to the world safely
　　So wait, wait, wait. Finally waited until now. Then began to spread it everywhere on the Internet. Ge Shen is the true emperor, the descendant of the dragon. Future emperor
　　In this way, a large group of ignorant boys and girls and old men and old ladies were deceived to work for it.
　　Of course there is no shortage of elites
　　Actually, I don¨t know how many dirty things have been done secretly! ! !
　　This is the true face of the so-called Ge Shen.
　　Do you see clearly now?
　　If you don¨t see it clearly, treat this post as a joke
　　If you are still willing to be deceived by it and used by it, then you can go to its arms with joy.
　　I believe it really likes your beautiful and delicious delicacies.
　　
　　480、Shanren: Ge Shen ideal is very beautiful, reality is very skinny
　　It's more about how those beautiful concepts can be implemented in reality [covering mouth][covering mouth][covering mouth]
　　"Ge Shen: The material is rich, the mind is renewed.
　　""Evans Unit 3: Regarding parliamentary "democracy", what I want to say is: referees will never let themselves lose the game.
　　"Ge Shen: Let the referee be independent.
　　〃〃Anonymous: Can Pinonion set up a special section for *min to teach?
　　"Anonymous: Two maggots are not allowed in a dung pit. If Ge wants to preach, please put Liu Zhongjing in the anus first.
　　"Anonymous: It is not important whether GeYiMin is a god, it is the most important to make your people and aunt disgusting. It seems very effective.
　　"Warrior of the Anti-drug Fruit: The Son of God is not a God, just believe in Jesus." It feels more credible.
　　
　　481, the four are empty 877: Liu Yifei, Ge Yimin, that is, the saint and the saint.
　　"The Kingdom of the Gods: If you don't get rid of your lust, you can't get out of the dust. No matter how wise, meditation is now. If you continue to commit adultery, you will fall into the devil's way.
　　"" Ordinary passerby: His theory is full of loopholes, and he didn't see any advantages.
　　"The King of Angels: What kind of mess, where is another god?
　　"" Ge Hua: You are 13 years old, and you don't know Ge Shen in vain.
　　"Anonymous: Brother God has become a sensitive word.
　　""Ge Shen: Jesus didn't understand Chinese either.
　　"Warrior of Anti-drug Fruit: How do you know that Jesus does not understand Chinese?
　　Have you performed miracles? Jesus is stronger than you.
　　"" Ge Yimin: People from Jiangsu, really don't understand Cantonese.
　　＾wordofgod￣ 25 31. Feiyu Manshusha: Nietzsche said, God is dead;
　　So, GeYiMin, here comes;
　　The age when man is God is here;
　　Limited company
　　Unlimited money
　　This is buying and selling.
　　〃Fruit Warrior: If God is dead, it is not God
　　If you can be God, then you are not God.
　　Why does God die? Laughed.
　　"" Ge Shen: GeYiMin God is two floors higher than God, three floors higher than humans.
　　"God: "GeYimin created the creator, the creator created God, and God created mankind."
　　
　　482, anti-poison fruit warrior: Then who made GeYiMin? What about your mother?
　　"Ge Shen: perfect god, perfect man.
　　"" Anonymous: It's 2020, what about this immortal god?
　　"Flaming Mingshi: Christian Communism,
　　Jonestown? ?
　　"Ge Shen: ＾wordofgod￣s Ten 21. Communism was first proposed by Christian theologians. Communism, as a doctrine, was first founded by Christian theologians, and the concepts of "distribution according to work and distribution (remuneration according to need)" were also first proposed by these theologians.
　　〃Zhang Dang, a theologian of Marxism???
　　"Ge Shen: Marx is the younger brother, the earliest Vettelin Kic, and then Owen empty.
　　
　　Chapter 483: The Righteous Way in the World Is Vicissitudes: Senior
　　I am curious sometimes
　　Why do I think the same way you were when you were a kid
　　Similar to the goal plan
　　"Ge Shen: Fellow
　　"" The right way in the world is the vicissitudes of life: how can there be such similar people in this world
　　It¨s the kind of thoughts and ideals that came out of my mind
　　Not instilled by other teachers and parents
　　〃Ge Shen: Same mission
　　Tian Ren.
　　
　　484, manevil: God Ge, the sage of Ziwei wants to call Wanjiao into one
　　Teach people to cultivate their minds, and create a world of peace and harmony, just for the better of the world, without expecting anything.
　　"Ge Shen: Am I just like that?
　　〃〃Anonymous: I would like to remind everyone on Congdao that Ge Yimin has not been normal since he was posted on the title. Said that Baidu broke his path to becoming a god. In order to find a sense of identity, I went to various forums to copy and paste his "＾wordofgod￣s", eager to have a few poor readings.
　　"Anonymous: Long live Gehua! Long live the Chinese People's Party! Long live the people!
　　""Anonymous: All those above who don't believe in Ge Shen should die, feel the power of Ge Shen, and then obediently believe it. If I don¨t show you some colors, I really don¨t know who is the boss of this world.
　　"Anonymous: However, you Ge is still a Chinese animal who relies on religious blood transfusions. Except for the "Nerv" inspired by Nababata, which is inspired by a great immortal, you have nothing to do (thick, "Nerv" is really the title Yes, publishing a book is called ＾wordofgod￣s, great).
　　""Anonymous: What kind of cock is Ge Yimin? No matter how you're brushing this name.
　　"Anonymous: Weibo Post Bar, as you know Ge Yimin was banned by the party, it's gratifying! ! Always follow the party! ! !
　　"Anonymous: During the Cultural Revolution, a rightist like Ge Yimin could not survive for three days! !
　　"Anonymous: Ge Yimin's ＾wordofgod￣s are reactionary books! ! Propagating anti-government and division, involving too much politics, endangering homeland security, it is recommended to rectify as soon as possible! !
　　""Anonymous: The reactionary Ge Yimin should be killed! !
　　"Anonymous: Ge Yimin, a fake communist, preaching a ＾wordofgod￣ cult, needs to be dragged out to fight! !
　　""Anonymous: Christ is abolished, Ge Yimin is mighty!
　　
　　485, manevil: GeYiMin you have the moral ethics of philosophy
　　Accept all religions, adhere to the precepts of saints, and spread the message of peace to the world. Although it may not be the Maitreya who made the world move towards great harmony in the prophecy, it is basically a Ziwei saint!
　　Quitting the sins of gluttony, lust, greed, jealousy, anger, laziness, vanity and arrogance are the basic conditions of the Ziwei Saint.
　　"Ge Shen: Bole, please accept it.
　　I wish you all, work hard together in the new world.
　　〃〃Anonymous: So many pretends? Ge Shen was favored.
　　
　　486、Chen Youcai: I always see what others say about God Ge
　　I don't know if it is a person's name or a god position. I always thought it was a ghost.
　　"The eldest brother of years, Jun Jun: Is he dead? Not dead. Why call him god. Why do I call people who don¨t make a big contribution a god?
　　Is his ancestor.
　　"" Ge Hua: Ge Shen created you and your family.
　　"The eldest brother of the years, Jun Jun: Send to Ge Shen. The cult Geshen will eventually be over. It is impossible to let this evil boss go to maintain everyone's safety.
　　Oppose Ge Shen. Everyone is responsible.
　　"" manevil: GeYiMin knows about the light workers and the New Century Movement?
　　"Ge Shen: I know, no research, only ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　487. The King of Monster Leather Pants: "＾wordofgod￣s" is the title of the book? ? ?
　　Why don't I tell you the correct book title and walk into the aliens~
　　"Ge Hua: The Word of God.
　　"" Blank book: Ah! You say you are god! You know how other people slap you, so you slap yourself first!
　　"Ge Hua: Netizens commented.
　　"" Xiaoye Shiyu: Ge Shen Da Xiangrui.
　　"Tieba User_QtZPC86: What is Gehua? What happened to the three saints? How many people come down? Some say five? What's the matter with the light of the universe? She is Gou Chen?
　　"" Ge Hua: Ge Hua is a person who believes in the god Ge, the four saints (Ge Hua).
　　"Ge Hei: GeYiMin is an orthodox heresy, not a Christian sect!
　　GeYimin's heresy belongs to Yemei religion. He is currently wearing a few vests, wandering around Tianya and Baidu "2012 Bar", and his posts are incomplete, using the Bible to deceive the public and harm others and themselves.
　　GeYimin tampered with the Bible and misled netizens. He has been amusing himself, talking to himself, talking to himself, and sometimes shot himself in the foot; he is poor, and writes the "New Testament" as "New Medicine" (I am Christ Apprentice, read the Bible 9 times, including new medicine 18 times-GeYiMin). It also tampered with the Bible, saying: "Man lives not for food, but more importantly, spirit. To survive, or to pursue spirit and truth." In fact, "Man lives not only by food, but by God's mouth." All the words" (Matthew 4:4).
　　"" Ge Hei: The article upstairs comes from Ge Yimin, a Christian faction recognized as heretical, founded by Ge Yimin.
　　Please be cautious to distinguish his speech.
　　Avoid being misled.
　　"Pray for the Lord to lead: GeYiMin where is sacred? Did the Chinese government consider him the second Master Li?
　　Everyone talks about two, and there are many tall people, and they all talk about their own opinions.
　　"" Ge Hei: GeYiMin, you are posting it so dick, do your family know.
　　"God in the fog: I like Saint Ge...
　　"" Ge Hei: Then go and register to board the ship.
　　"Noname2008:-Then why was Li Hongzi kicked out of China? Why was GeYiMin imprisoned? You can give it a try, spread rumors and claim that you are a Buddha or a god, then form a sect, and immediately put you in prison.
　　
　　488、It's been a long time since I chatted with MM.
　　ヤ Nikko Allure~ゾ 10:07:00
　　Is god here
　　ヤSunlight Allure~ゾ 10:09:40
　　Are you there
　　Ge Yimin 10:40:30
　　talk at night
　　ヤ Nikko Allure~ゾ 10:40:47
　　Oh
　　2013-08-15
　　ヤ Nikko Allure~ゾ 9:48:11
　　God, something happened last night. Is there time now?
　　Ge Yimin 10:02:13
　　Briefly
　　ヤ Nikko Allure~ゾ 10:02:47
　　. . I just want to express my admiration for you
　　Ge Yimin 10:03:11
　　I'm an ordinary person, everyone is the same
　　ヤSunlight Allure~ゾ 10:03:27
　　Are you not Ge Yimin god,
　　Ge Yimin 10:03:37
　　Yes
　　ヤ Nikko Allure~ゾ 10:03:47
　　That's not ordinary
　　Ge Yimin 10:03:55
　　This god is not god, can't tell
　　ヤSunlight Allure~ゾ 10:04:10
　　. . Are you a god?
　　Ge Yimin 10:04:19
　　I say so because I have visions and trials
　　Ge Yimin 10:04:33
　　I think i am god
　　Ge Yimin 10:04:38
　　Also human
　　ヤSunlight Allure~ゾ 10:05:05
　　. . so deep
　　Ge Yimin 10:05:30
　　My information is in my ＾wordofgod￣s
　　Ge Yimin 10:05:58
　　http://www.gegod.com/word.html
　　ヤSunlight Allure~ゾ 10:06:02
　　Many people question you, but I believe it!
　　Ge Yimin 10:06:15
　　Ah
　　Ge Yimin 10:06:30
　　Jesus is still crucified
　　ヤSunlight Allure~ゾ 10:23:43
　　I admire you more after watching. .
　　Ge Yimin 11:00:57
　　Thanks, I am at work, 8
　　
　　489. Ge Shen: We only have a few decades in this life and an eternal life in heaven.
　　"1. What is "I"?
　　My parents gave me my body and God gave me my soul. My essence is a soul. I belong to God, belong to God, and be with God forever.
　　""2, the reason or meaning of life.
　　Because God can only use dust as a body when creating human beings, to live is to replace the dust with spirituality, that is, trial, in order to live eternally with God.
　　"3. What happens after death?
　　Return to God, the Kingdom of Heaven, be with God.
　　I think 20331126 new heavens and new earth, people can live forever on the earth.
　　"" 4. Is there reincarnation?
　　do not have.
　　We only have a few decades of this life and an eternal life in heaven.
　　Theologically, I am original, and the original sin of man is the dusty body, and the trial of spiritual eternal life. Politically, I am communism.
　　God teaches communism.
　　
　　490. System MK7: Let¨s save it here. GeYiMin God
　　I know that Lao Ge will not change his mind within a few years. GeYiMin¨s people will also ban me and even pull black.
　　But God¨s way cannot be changed at will, not only for you, but also for everyone¨s well-being. Please respect the Bible and don¨t stand out! If it can be changed, it will be changed in ancient times. How can it be your turn? Who is more glorious than you of the Twelve Apostles?
　　Only those who know God can have God's authority
　　GeYiMin's teachings currently have many mistakes that must be revised and are revised and overturned many times.
　　"" Ge Hei: In summary, Xiao Ge Pi is a bastard with a very poor IQ.
　　1. Ge Pi is not a god, a holy, or a god-child at all, but a self-praised mortal, a bastard;
　　2. Ge Pi¨s remarks violated the Bible, and his words and deeds cannot come from God. The most direct point is: promote licentiousness;
　　3. The so-called evidence that Ge Pi claimed to be a god is really ridiculous. The so-called "different dream" is nothing more than Ge Pi self-promotion. Even if it is true, it is only a copy of Hong Xiuquan;
　　4. Ge Pi's so-called "nervous" is absurd and ridiculous, and he actually showed his ugliness;
　　5. In order to promote self-promotion, Ge Pi keeps lying and makes many vests to promote himself, which is shameful.
　　"Ge Hei: GeYiMin is only a stick at best, and there are too many people who curse him because of the excitement.
　　Ge Yimin
　　False saints who don¨t even know the fundamental Christian doctrine of love,
　　The false prophet who didn't even know the morning rooster,
　　A magic stick that is not as good as Li Wheel's fingernails
　　Trash can no longer be trash
　　There is no point in propagating or talking to him, and there is no good news.
　　"" Ge Hei: Ge Yimin stupid teaching hand to play manual advertising black Ge Yimin
　　I'm really stupid. I still want to learn from Feng. Can religion be compared with an artist?
　　
　　Chapter 491: The Seventy-Two Changes of GeYiMin
　　The greedy and lustful Ge Yimin: Hehe, when the time comes to liberate sex, you can live ahahahahaha...
　　Ge Yimin, who is delicious and lazy: When he was young, he was so handsome, but afterwards he lost his exercise and just like this.
　　Flattering to please Ge Yimin: Internet police brother, we are not an organization, if there is no entity, just play online, you adults have a lot of
　　The timid Ge Yimin: Oh, the wind has been tight recently, I might as well leave a post saying that I have been arrested so that no one pays attention to me hehe
　　The proud and boastful GeYiMin: Don't miss your brother, brother is a legend, roar
　　Embarrassed GeYiMin: What do you see? Have you never seen GeYiMin weighing 170? I really hate it. You are not allowed to look at my belly.
　　Ge Yimin, a treacherous messenger: hee hee, this time I finally reached 10w popularity, kids, come on
　　The unlucky Ge Yimin: Mommy, my wife, don¨t tangle my ears, just post a post and a post. I will wash the dishes and clothes tomorrow.
　　Ge Yimin with pain: If God gives me another chance, I will say to him, handsome guy I'm rare you
　　GeYiMin struggling to make a decision: I am a man, I have a wife, I am a straight man! Roar~~
　　Ge Yimin of unyielding faith: Come attack me, everyone, I won¨t fall, the more I attack, the more happy
　　Ge Yimin, the hot-blooded explosion: (7 years later) Haha, I can transform now, see how I clean up you, death ray~~~
　　
　　492. Ge Hei: There is no such person as GeYiMin at all! ...
　　After investigating for more than a year, it is a set. All fake
　　"Ge Hua: Who said there are real people?
　　Like Jesus, an idol made for need.
　　"" Ge Hei: Ge Yimin likes women, there are many women.
　　Ge Yimin is also worth his life, no matter whether he is true or false, at least he plays with countless women including college students.
　　Ge Yimin's life is also over, at least because of playing with women and going to hell-----
　　"Tieba user_QtZPC86: What does Ge Shen mean? How many saints? One or three or four?
　　〃〃Tieba user_0CCEtKt: What Ge Shen? I don't know, of course the saint marries Zi Nan. .
　　
　　493. Positive direction: Important news, the world of purple men and purple women has been confirmed!
　　After repeated research by my little Qiao Dao, the purple man and the purple girl have settled down. Ziwei-Liaoyuan, Ziwei-Ge Shen, all are purple men, beautiful women
　　Ling and Chen Genu are purple girls.
　　Here, I congratulate Liaoyuan and Ge Shen, and hope that you will become saints as soon as possible and take on the role of purple saint!
　　The old Dao said before that he would turn against Ziwei and against Ziwei, now he takes it back. I wish Liaoyuan, God of Ge and the two purple girls can build the earth
　　Set it up and bring mankind into Datong. Our future is not determined by you, but your future depends on yourself. Treasure, goodbye
　　!
　　""Zang Boyu: Ge God!
　　〃AN00912: Ge is forced to burp!
　　"" ngc12302240789: I usually call it Ge maggot.
　　"Xingchen: Ge Hua, let the one who believes in Ge's behave a little more calmly. Don¨t understand.
　　If you don't want to cause a murder, it's best not to touch everything that doesn't belong to him.
　　""The Second World: Bai Yunsheng and other Ge Hei were crazy, and they began to think that the friends were the incarnations of Ge God persecuting them.
　　
　　494, woshinilhhh: Louzhu changes so fast! Yesterday he threatened to expose Ge Shen fucking women
　　Today it is announced that Ge Shen is a sage of Ziwei.
　　Do you want us mortals to believe that what you said is true? !
　　"Miss Hailing: Because he is also a mortal.
　　For example, a child said he was making trouble in the palace all day long.
　　I believe he said he can pick the moon from the sky.
　　""Woshinilhhh: You have also become an accomplice of Ge Pi ＾wordofgod￣.
　　Ge Fart ＾wordofgod￣s are evil things. Only by doing everything possible can we promote righteousness.
　　"Xingchen: This is a small animal. . Sacrifice one.
　　"Anonymous: wise men like God Ge.
　　"XEQZGFRUMLK: They are an anti-Hua cult group that illegally hyped Ge Shen.
　　""anonymous:? ? ? What book is this
　　"Anonymous: Wangzhe.
　　"" Unknown player: Nervous.
　　"Ge Hua: ＾wordofgod￣ = God's Word.
　　〃〃Direction: Isn¨t your Ge Nu surnamed Chen?
　　"Ge Hua: It turned out to be Ge Hua, Ge Shen Ge Nu.
　　
　　495. Positive direction: Xu Qian is not her real name, her surname is Chen.
　　"Ge Hua: Hello, Xiao Qiao, Xu Qian is my ＾wordofgod￣. Chen Genu, where is she from?
　　〃〃Positive direction: Shanghai.
　　The ＾wordofgod￣s are all made up by you, it's not magical at all.
　　Remember, what is the name of the screen is Chen Xue, and there is a Wei character in the name. I guess you were played by her.
　　"Ge Hua: In my ＾wordofgod￣s, there is no Shanghai Ge Nu, Chen Xue, and Wei. Where did you get this information? I would like to hear more.
　　〃〃Positive direction: What are you doing too! Do you think what you are saying is a fallen nail, unchangeable, just like the Bible? Brother Ge, you are really not a god, don't follow the way of the Lord!
　　I checked the information from the Tiandao system.
　　"Ge Hua: Qiao Mei, where can I see Chen Xue online?"
　　"Anonymous: good ＾wordofgod￣s, good words of Ge Zhen, good faith in Ge, peace of mind, people are doing, Ge is watching, believe in the master of Ge Yimin to have Yongshan.
　　
　　496, Ge Shen: ＾wordofgod￣s, my book.
　　"" Yisheng Yishi: Oh, this is a novel?
　　"Ge Shen: Book of Faith.
　　"" Yisheng Yishi: Become a fairy...
　　You see the secret..
　　That's 13 years, and it's coming soon..
　　What about the Taiwan issue?
　　"Ge Shen: Peace, will be unified.
　　"" Yisheng Yishi: Oh, that's pretty good..
　　What kind of website do you make, let me see, the one just now?
　　Do you have a sect?
　　"Ge Shen: God teaches.
　　"" Yisheng Yishi: Amazing, how many believers?
　　"Ge Shen: No organization, no statistics.
　　"" Yisheng Yishi: The coconut tree has been nailed.. Do you want to?
　　"Ge Shen: 20331126 Datong.
　　"" Isa: I think you will not die in 2033..
　　Oh, isn't it enough for him to believe in you, do you still need work?
　　"Ge Shen: Faith is the soul of thought, of course life requires work.
　　
　　497, the saint of crape myrtle: Ge Shen endured the humiliation.
　　""Woshinilhhh: Are you an accomplice of Gepi stuff?
　　"It's a big deal: I'm so old, I still play such a naive game, hahaha.
　　"Xingchen: After all, he likes to play. Since someone is playing, there must be someone participating, but it's a pity that those who don't know fall into their nets and become turtles in the urn.
　　"Woshinilhhh: Ge Fart stuff is the most naive.
　　"" "dd is a strange tree: I never thought it was the Ge Shen who spread the rumors. He was forced to withdraw from the Internet by me, and then he has made a comeback recently! I held it once I saw him.
　　"Omiao Xuanxin: This person will be arrested sooner or later. Because he is really engaged in a cult.
　　"" Ge Hua: No organization.
　　
　　498. Saint Lady of Ziwei: Ge Shen was the first to become a god.
　　The first one woke up.
　　Founder, you are that kind of person.
　　"Sorry: Long live Ge Shen.
　　"The universe is Jesus: Ge is a false god, equivalent to the death sin of idolatry, and must go to hell.
　　"Ge Hua: Isn't Su Su an idol?
　　〃〃Finalseer: What is the explanation of inner circumcision? The people who have never been in love?
　　"Tieba user_7PRQWDW: Hahaha, I discovered the male demon in the photo at the beginning of the year. It is one of the traitors sent by Satan to block the saint.
　　Just now, a monitor that looked like him found this place and walked around my booth grinningly.
　　"After several generations and several people: He was also estimated to be possessed by the Jiaolong. The Jiaolong is running around, very lustful.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge is a god.
　　"" Several people after several lifetimes: I don't understand.
　　"Post Bar User_7PRQWDW: It's just a little magic.
　　This is the poor relative of Pineapple Heart Bar. As soon as I posted it to Pineapple Heart Bar, his post was deleted.
　　""Tao 1: There are top masters in every industry in the world, and people can learn all aspects of top masters. Top masters can always read all aspects of their knowledge and works, but no one can ever obtain the achievements of top masters. Half, even one-tenth cannot be achieved, but following the top masters is destined to obtain more than half of the achievements of the top masters. This seems to be an eternal law of human history.
　　"Ge Hua: Master Ge.
　　
　　499、Meng Wuxie: Even the 20-year-old Reform Cult has resigned
　　Who else can think that he has worked harder than he has done, and everything can't escape the baptism of time.
　　"Finalseer: Love robbery will bring long-term pain in the heart, it is impossible to mention any sexual toilet.
　　There can only be one person.
　　〃〃How many lives and people: Are you with this group? That's so funny.
　　"Ge Hua: I'm Ge Hua.
　　〃〃Dahe Lian: Do you want to become a leader for profit, or are you purely nervous?
　　"Ge Shen: 20331126 World Harmony.
　　"After several generations, several people: Who is Ge Hua and what is the relationship with Ge Shen?
　　"Ge Hua: The exclusive name of Ge Shen fans.
　　Sexual toilet is the ultimate goal of absolute freedom of human nature.
　　"" No surname: What's wrong, Christianity conflicts with Buddhism? Hu Xiaolin is also another God of Ge?
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Hua hyped Ge Shen's game.
　　"Mochizuki Dumb Wolf: But this time they chose Ge Shen not that Ge Shen, and they failed.
　　
　　Chapter 500
　　＾wordofgod￣s Chapter 12 Quotations Book 161, ancient and modern, at home and abroad, criminal offenders are shameful, and thought offenses are honorable.
　　"Anonymous: He is a god, you have to believe in him.
　　〃Finalseer: The name of the god prayer, the god is still passable, you actually use the word ＾wordofgod￣ to overstep and cut.
　　"" Ge Hua: God's Word, Ge IS GOD
　　"I don't want to be named: A wild dragon, not enough.
　　"Ge Hua: Great influence abroad.
　　""Finalseer: Yes, Ge Ling is alone, the space is too small to pretend to be a second person.
　　"Gehua: One hundred thousand Gehua has been installed.
　　""Tang Jiayufei: Can he see his scriptures online?
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Shen has an official website, search 20331126.
　　〃〃Wu Keshuo: Which one is suitable for Fujian?
　　He has too many trumpets.
　　
　　501 The ＾wordofgod￣ has already pointed out
　　1. All the friends of Shengba Ba are the only Purple Saint.
　　2, Shengba, friends are all insane.
　　The male hangs delusion to marry the saint to get rich;
　　The female hangs delusional to marry a saint to make a fortune.
　　The beautiful name is out of the mountain.
　　〃Mighty cat uncle: @弥嶄佩宀 Someone has registered your trumpet, and people who don¨t know think you have joined Ge Jiao.
　　
　　502, finalseer: Circumcision created neurosis.
　　"Ge Hua: And everything.
　　"2007chunlu55: The bigger he is, the smaller he is. Ziweixiang says he is weak but he is bigger.
　　"Anonymous: With all due respect, this is like a cult.
　　"" Ge Hua: Give it to God Ge.
　　〃Feifeifeifei 99: You can reopen a post to announce to the world that you are the man of destiny. Half of the friends believe you will win.
　　"" Pueraria lobata: 20331126
　　"Ggyywzw: Lao Ge really retired.
　　"" Ge Hua: Ge Shen mainly attacked the Internet and spread the gospel to the people of the world.
　　〃He Zhengyi: God of the pot will end up in a pot sooner or later!
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Ge Shen mighty.
　　"Then what duang's place is broken: I am a god, you have to listen to him (GeYiMin does not feel [Funny]
　　
　　503. Xu Xiangguo: If you want to take it, you must follow it.
　　We should respect Ge Yimin as holy so that we can see him dancing on the fire.
　　"The King of Monster Leather Pants: Just elect yourself and it will be over.
　　"" Le You Jian -: Ma Weiqing, Wang Jianxin, Zheng Kuifei, Ge Yimin. Huang Wei. . . . .
　　Who else is welcome to add~
　　"Ge Hua: 20331126 Ge Datong.
　　"" Blue called Oh: I'm still poor and in the same world hahaha, no matter which civilization has slums.
　　"Gehua: Geshen's substance is even.
　　
　　504. Sayuri in the greenhouse: Go to GeYimin for the last time, when you leave
　　I will stamp the dust off my feet to testify that they are not.
　　This is my last post to GeYiMin.
　　I didn't want to be here. Because you said [Just forget you don¨t want to, don¨t say more] (in the belief is not a post that can be used for business) Why do I have to "talk more"? But I want to say a few words when I leave. Sorry!
　　I said, one yuan can buy a person¨s soul,
　　Indeed, for the sake of his own popularity, he does not hesitate to fake, deceive, and persecute others. When others do not do what they do, they get angry and turn over. I really don¨t know if your Gejiao wants to save others or let others save you? Also, your explanation after deleting all the friends in QQ is [They are useless to me. . . . ] Very surprised! They are useless and no longer needed, so they are deleted. This is your Ge-style philosophy. Is the relationship between people just using and being used? Therefore, you have no friends, not even one. Only profit is a picture. Don't be talking about God being fed by a woman and fabricating that you are unworthy. He who guards his mouth and tongue protects himself from disaster.
　　Every tree can recognize him by looking at the fruit. People do not pick figs from thorns, nor grapes from thistles.
　　Originally you have nothing to do with Christianity.
　　Claiming to be Christian, but not confessing Christ. What is it called? In fact, the reason is very simple. You profess to be Christ, can you still believe in the true Christ? Seems to be getting worse now? As long as it is good, you are all alone, even suggesting that you are a "crape myrtle sage" (I have never heard of [masturbation]). You have a lot of titles! "Great Internet Religious", "Thinker", "Christ" and "Prophet". In fact, you only deserve one title, that is, "Satan's Vanguard"! The great adulteress in "Revelation." . .
　　The ten horns and the beast you saw will hate this harlot, make her cold and naked, and will eat her flesh and burn her with fire.
　　When it comes to binding Satan, your answer is [Let it add popularity. . . ]
　　In fact, I want to borrow the power of Satan. Add popularity to yourself, a guy who calls himself a prophet and Christ. To indulge the evil and insult the Father in Heaven for a little bit of petty profit. Really unscrupulous. Is your popularity so important?
　　A good person derives good from the good in his heart. The wicked utter evil out of the evil in his heart. Because of the fullness of my heart, I speak out.
　　Ge [Its affair is not morally prohibited. . . Everyone¨s sexual satisfaction is as convenient as going to the toilet, since there is no moral problem in going to the toilet. . . In case of the opposite sex, both parties voluntarily. . . ]
　　God, what is this called? Disgusting! You can even think of it? It's not how conservative I am. Sex is the crystallization of love and the rise of emotions. How could it be like going to the toilet? Even those with hormonal imbalances feel guilty, do you have it? of course not! Look at those animals that are also in pairs. Maybe you are ashamed?
　　Imagine your Ge-style communist society. The male has lost his father's responsibility (I don't know who his cub is); the mother is the head of the orphanage (I don't know who the cub's father is). The husband became a duck; the wife became a chicken. "People" wander between "sexual exchanges." Looking for their own prey of the opposite sex. Revel in it. . . Of course, it may promote people's exploration of unknown areas. Such as; Why are animals more sensible than "humans"? More ethical? Confused. Exploring. .
　　Ignorant people delight in folly; wise people act with integrity. . . At that time, people will say to Dashan: ｀fall on us! ¨Said to the hill: ｀cover us! ¨
　　Fried Soufan¨s "Ge-style Communist"
　　At this time you have mutated. You have changed from a theologian to a sociologist. [Each person does his best, distributes according to his needs] Pediatric theory, ignoring human nature and each doing his best. Who should work hard? Who should be the department? Allocation according to needs, needs, is it food and clothing or luxury villas? Who is responsible for the distribution? Deceive yourself and others. Your explanation is that [people will become] you have mutated from a sociologist to an anthropologist. Like Che Guevara, we must transform human beings. Transform people's thinking. Turn people into communist machines. Of course, there will be extramarital affairs. . In fact, your theory is plagiarized except for gender issues that others dare not think about or talk about. .
　　What has been done will be done again; what has been done will be done again. There is nothing new under the sun. Is there one thing that people can point to and say, this is new? However, in our previous generations, it has already been.
　　Ge ["I am a god, you have to listen to him." He refers to Ge Yimin]
　　Typical foolish dreams! In the past, you naively thought that you were a lost lamb and didn't know what you were doing. Actually not, you know what you are doing. The purpose is clear. It is to use the name of Christ to achieve one's own goals. You are not the highly narcissistic guy I used to say, you know yourself well. I just want to be famous, crazy, perverted, out of control. Of course, there is still ambition, but it is getting further and further away from the goal. More and more distant. Except for a few loyal vests, they all left, see through. People are examining the significance of their debate with you?
　　Whatever has it, it will be given to him to make him rich; but what is not, even what he has will be taken away.
　　Final warning!
　　Don't call yourself Christianity. You can change your name to prevent Christianity from being demonized and hurt the innocent. The Bible is sacred, do not quote the scriptures casually to avoid retribution. Don¨t blaspheme the Holy Spirit for your own purposes. The gain is not worth the loss. People are responsible for their actions and pay for their actions. Watch out! Be afraid!
　　So I tell you that all human sins and blasphemy can be forgiven. Only blasphemy against the Holy Spirit can never be forgiven!
　　This is my last time here.
　　Almost all your vests here. You continue to entertain yourself! God wants everyone to be saved and not one to perish. Hope you can repent! Kneel before God and confess your sins. Pray for God's forgiveness with a humble heart. God is merciful and will forgive you. I am leaving. When I leave, I will stamp the dust off my feet to testify that they are not.
　　Do not give the sacred objects to the dogs, and do not throw your jewels in front of the pigs, for fear that they will trample on the jewels with their feet and turn around and bite you.
　　
　　Chapter 505: The Deception About Yemei and Plastic Products
　　After I joined Yemei, I realized that this is a cult at all!
　　Everyone knows the main plastic products of Yemei Forum, Yemei, Yexue, etc., but for Yemei¨s former administrator (Li Juan), many newcomers to Yemei and God¨s Bar may not have heard of it. She He is the biggest victim in Yeme¨s history.
　　Maybe Yemei has blocked all posts about this at the time. But his crime has affected many innocent people.
　　Originally only waiting for God's salvation and his repentance, but now it seems that the power of Yemei religion has become too strong to be ignored. When we left Yemei, it was only on the eve of Easter. At that time, Yemei had more than 4,000 members. In a blink of an eye, there are now 5,000 people. As long as one person spreads the cult¨s thoughts to two people, the country will be deceived and even deceived every year. There will be tens of thousands of people injured. Since one's own desire affects the entire nation, it has to be criticized, so I have to stand up and expose his tricks.
　　The first is Yemei's identity. Yemei claims to be a reporter from Xinhua News Agency. I have to admit that I have not investigated whether this is true or not. But one day it can be confirmed that he is lying. He said his real name is Ge Yimin and he graduated from Nanjing University. But we did not find this name on the list of graduates of Nanjing University. Obviously, this is Yemei's shameful deception.
　　Furthermore, Yemei is already the father of the child, but he is still despicable enough to deceive the young administrator himself. When he knew the truth, he vowed to divorce his wife and marry him. I believed him in this way and began to wait with expectations. However, the dream turned into a nightmare, and Yemei later confessed to the administrator Xingkong, and then showed his favor to the then moderator of the Yemeizhe Museum of the glacier. Yemei said to these girls that he was the only one in his heart, and he didn't feel that way for others. Later, Bingxin believed it to be true and felt pressure to leave Yemei. When I stayed, the truth finally came to light.
　　I don't know how many people have been deceived by Yemei, this is really a shameful act.
　　Later, I posted a post on Yemei, asking Yemei, what is a god-given marriage? "God-given marriage" was what Yemei said when he told Bingbing that he wanted to get married with Bingchuan online, and he was confident of bringing this marriage to reality. It¨s nothing more despicable to deceive believers in the name of God. Thing.
　　After that, Yemei never showed up to escape. Later, Yemei explained that he had gone to interview the veteran, but the place was remote and there was no internet. Faced with such a coincidence, most people began to laugh at Yemei.
　　A long time later, Yemei posted a shameful post to defend herself. The title was "I admit that I love myself, and I also admit that I love the stars", what a shameless beast! What about your wife? What about your child? Why would you say such a thing? Did you think of them when you said this?
　　Yemei and Plastic, everyone thought they were worthy of respect. In fact, you are too wrong.
　　Yemei¨s deception is of course far more than what I said, but because of time constraints, let me talk about plastic products below.
　　Plastic products are said to be familiar to Yemei, but they are actually as familiar as a person.
　　Last year we saw a piece of news on the website about the death of a girl, and the portrait in the hands of the father in the photo was the photo uploaded by the plastic product on Yemei! So everyone went to find the plastic product, only to find that the plastic product was still there, and the beauty photo was not hers at all! But hasn't Yemei ever seen a plastic product, hasn't he? Later, when I was online one day, we found that Yemei and Plastic Products were using the same TP. What happened? Yemei didn't talk about it at the time, knowing that we all knew it, and then explained that they were all surfing the Internet at a certain university, and the plastic product was sitting on the machine next to him.
　　People are all around, why do you upload fake photos?
　　In 2004, the four beauties of Yemei, plastic products did not have votes. I wanted to make the four beauties better serve Yemei, and plastic products, whether elected or not, will do their best to play for Yemei.
　　Excuse me, have you ever seen plastic products themselves? Has any of you seen it, can you tell me?
　　But the truth is actually very simple, but because it is disgusting, we have never said, that is: Plastic products and Yemei are actually the same person!
　　We suspect that Yemei is not the only one dressed up as plastic, but there is no way to verify it now, but why does Yexue maintain Yemei so much? Is it really because of his young ignorance that his brother Yemei treats her too well? still is. . . . . . Moreover, Ye Xue's QQ has never been on, so there is no level to talk about. QQ is also an important way for Yemei to recruit members, but why wouldn¨t a main force like Yexue not be on QQ?
　　Playing someone else is much more fun than playing yourself, but after all, it fools the public and hurts too many people.
　　I wrote these words, hoping to alert all Yemei members who were deceived, hoping to alert God to all innocent people. And maybe Yemei¨s influence and destructive power has already affected the entire nation, and maybe his influence is far greater than I thought.
　　Hope God can redeem our people. In the name of Jesus Christ, Amen!
　　
　　506. Five steps to unify the world when I was 15 years old: (Chat with Yimei QQ)
　　★Laugh at life〉 20:39:39
　　Good~ Ge Yimin 20:40:18 The Diary of a Madman at Yeme High School June 21 I took a nap today at noon, thinking about the theme song of "Blood Suspicion", "Thank you", but I couldn't fall asleep, what a song that made people cry. In the evening they told me that Tang Jinghua, who was admitted to the Nanda Junior Class, was speechless. As for yourself, swear: "North, Wai, Nuo, She, Yi". Who is the answer? PS; Interpretation of Symbols: Nan, Wang, Jing, Jiao, Yige Yimin 20:40:35 I will explain to you the song Yimin 20:42:00 Five steps to unify the world at the age of 15: Peking University, going abroad, promise Bell Prize for Literature, Clubs, Unified World Song Yimin 20:43:43 Now: Nanjing University, website (Ge Yimin Post Bar, Ge Yimin Community), Jing (Ge Yimin Jing, Ge Huaxun, CCP Declaration) , Jiao (Ge Yi Min Jiao, CCP League), Unify the World ★ Smile at Life 〉 20:44:23 Internet? Song Yimin 20:44:35 Reality Song Yimin 20:45:02 Realization of a communist society in the world, that is, a unified world song Yimin 20:45:41 Ou be the world chairman, haha★Laugh to see life〉 20:45: 54 Chinese people do not have a Nobel Prize in Literature until now. Yimin 20:46:15 Chinese abroad have, Gao Xingjian¨s song Yimin 20:46:56 No, my 15-year-old steps are different from now, I have listed as above ★Laugh at life〉 20:47:09 Hehe, this is your ideal
　　Song Yimin 20:47:29
　　Working hard ING~~~ ★Laugh to see life〉 20:48:58 Haha, your ideals are different from ordinary people
　　★Look at life with a smile〉 20:49:22
　　Why do you want to create education?
　　Song Yimin 20:49:47
　　To implement a communist society around the world
　　★Laugh at life〉 20:50:00
　　Want to be like Hitler?
　　★Laugh at life〉 20:50:12
　　The one just now?
　　★Laugh at life〉 20:50:27
　　Hitler and the church
　　Song Yimin 20:50:58
　　Is not
　　I am a peaceful and harmonious export of communist values
　　Song Yimin 20:51:23
　　There are these CCP declarations, but you are not interested in watching them.
　　★Laugh at life〉 20:51:38
　　Communism did not take off~~
　　★Laugh at life〉 20:51:48
　　I've watched a lot~ ★Look at life with a smile〉 20:52:17 Somewhat weird~ It makes people question
　　Song Yimin 20:52:23
　　Well, I keep updating
　　★Laugh at life〉 20:53:02
　　Therefore, I think the Buddha said more rationally. Song Yimin 20:53:26 Well, please fellowship more in the future ★Laugh at life〉 20:53:26 So what does the Bible say? ★Look at life with a smile〉 20:53:38 If you come, you will also move over
　　Song Yimin 20:53:46
　　You just read the bible
　　★Laugh at life〉 20:54:01
　　Haha, move it to Ge Yimin. Ge Yimin 20:54:08 The Bible's verses about communism are listed in the CCP Declaration ★Laughing at life〉 20:54:49 that I have seen
　　Song Yimin 20:55:10
　　Well, I post the chat log to the community
　　
　　507. Sayuri in the Greenhouse: "General GeYimin Admits Wrong" (Funny)
　　General GeYimin, who had just returned from other forums, went to Baidu Post Bar, despite his exhaustion. Continue to talk to the netizens here about his great Ge Gong thought. It was too late that day, and we said: "General Ge, go back and rest. You just came back from another forum for narcissism. Keep your body."
　　General Ge Yimin shook his head, "It's not in the way, you know that many people on the Internet now regard my Ge-style theory as an enemy and continue to cause trouble for me. You are the future of Ge Gong, you must insist on extramarital affairs, this is the top priority "We were all excited, with tears in our eyes. What a great GeYiMin. He doesn't even let others' marriages go. . .
　　General Ge looked up at the sky and said, "It would be great if there are as many stars in the sky as the people who believe in my nonsense." Suddenly, he got excited, his whole body trembled, and his eyes gleamed. "But there are such people. Always find my fault, mess up my thoughts, mess up the post, they don't want extramarital affairs, they don't accept my mutual covetousness and deception, they are sinners.
　　With that said, General Ge bent down, took off a stinky shoe from his foot, then looked at the sky and said, "Damn heretics."
　　He threw the stinky shoe bar hard. I saw that stinky shoe made two perfect arcs in the air, and then it fell down. "These netizens who opposed me have been scolding me at GeYiMin, including what Sayuri, what little birds and birds. I have endured it for a long time. I am going crazy," General GeYiMin cursed frantically. Everyone applauded, proud that Post Bar has such a lunatic.
　　After his mood stabilized, General Ge asked: "Where did my stinky shoe fall? I'm still barefoot," "It fell on the head of one vest," the other vest said.
　　General Ge Yimin was startled and said: "Hurry up to the hospital and see if there is any problem." Soon, news came from the hospital that he was opened, plus harmful gas invaded, and he was in a coma. . . .
　　At this time, General Ge was still barefoot, standing there steadily, and said to us: "To deceive the world always requires sacrifice. For my cult cause I can break the blood, they are pseudo-big, yes Honourable..."
　　He lowered his head and said: "But I have to admit that I was too reckless to throw stinky shoes up at the time. I apologize to the vests. I'm like a netizen in Tieba to explain the situation."
　　We immediately burst into tears, what a good GeYiMin, his small mistakes in the process of fighting with the righteous netizens were actually remembered by him, and he apologized. We must learn from General Ge in future posts. , To learn from his senseless and righteous mind, learn from his spirit of not hitting the south wall and not giving up.
　　At this time, from the direction of the hospital came the sound of evil wind passing through the broken window "East wind blows, war drums, don't believe GeYimin who else do you want to believe..." "Huh? Where is my front teeth..." ..."
　　
　　508. Plastic: Cannonball the Antichrist GeYiMin
　　The antichrist GeYiMin is resisting the Lord, exalting himself, surpassing everything called God and all worshipped, and even sitting in the temple of God, claiming to be God. As a "god", he also pretended to be a Messiah, asking people all over the world to worship him, and those who refused would be persecuted. This Antichrist is indeed far ahead of all his previous pioneers in power, talent, pride, cruelty, lawlessness and blasphemy!
　　(According to GeYiMin's quotations: lotus root has surpassed Jesus, surpassed anyone at home and abroad, and surpassed anyone in the future, truly the first person in the world.)
　　The antichrist GeYimin pretends to be Jesus Christ as the "savior of mankind" and wants to save the world from disaster. At first, he used the false church ("big Y woman") to rise up. After the goal was achieved, he abolished this big Y woman and persecuted God's people to his heart's content. The chaos of today¨s world situation (moral corruption, rampant desires, political chaos, mob control in many places, economic crisis... etc.); UN agencies are powerless in many ways; the world is actively engaged in political, economic, and religious unity, Attempts to save the political situation-these situations are paving the way for the Antichrist himself.
　　Antichrist GeYiMin will only appear in the future, he is a sinister, evil, cruel politician, deliberately want to rule the world.
　　(According to GeYimin Jingxingzhuan: 85 years (second grade) five steps to unify the world:
　　Peking University, going abroad, Nobel Prize in Literature, societies, unified world.
　　He was 16 years old. )
　　The antichrist GeYiMin is a man who confuses the elect, comes in his own name and is the abominable sinner of destruction, the son of perdition and the lawless.
　　Certain external factors will greatly increase the power of the antichrist in the future. Perhaps at that time, nuclear weapons and biological and chemical warfare were about to break out, and political and economic crises persisted, like ghosts and demons engulfing humanity. Government rule is faltering, and the country is deeply mired in a melee and rebellion. When the world is undergoing tremendous changes and the world is in chaos, a "wise" leader emerges to play the only savior of mankind. Behind him must be a powerful organization that wants to rule the world. With the support of this organization, the Antichrist is prepared to carry out social and economic reforms in a planned way, and this move will also receive the support and support of the media. However, the Antichrist is both persuasive and able to direct the world. Where does his mysterious power come from?
　　We can imagine him as a talented and provocative speaker, just like Lenin or Hitler. People are willing to accept his propositions and suggestions because they express what people feel in the new era of material supremacy.
　　Because he was praised by thousands of people, he was so conceited that he thought he was gifted with supernatural powers beyond ordinary people. He proposed a new worldview！new religion and morality to replace the "untimely" and "extremely failed" Christian guide. He is consciously great and fascinated by such illusions. He will manifest himself as a god and sit high in the temple.
　　(According to GeYiMin's quotations book: lotus root inspection so far all values ??have failed, so he created GeYiMin values ??to save the world, human beings will eventually get rid of the sin and death inherited from the ancestors, and restore intimate relationships with God. God help lotus root, amen!
　　The first important thing is to know that all the prophecies in the Scriptures cannot be explained privately; because the prophecies have never come from human will, but people are moved by the Holy Spirit to speak the word of God. "GeYiMin Jing" does the opposite.
　　Antichrist GeYiMin characteristics:
　　(1) Controlled by Satan;
　　(2) Against God;
　　(3) Lying and deception;
　　(4) Persecute Christians;
　　(5) Attack the church, challenge the Bible, and challenge Christians;
　　(6) Indulgence.
　　People¨s fear of financial crisis or nuclear war will pave the way for the Antichrist. These worrying and disastrous events will cause people all over the world to call for the appearance of a peaceful king, and the Antichrist will dress up as the peaceful king！Jesus Christ, until he reveals his truth about Lushan. The Antichrist will show his hideous face and extremely cruel nature. He will combine the blood and brutality of Hitler, Stalin, Hideki Tojo, and other autocrats who have killed millions of people, and become unheard of in the entire world. Terrible despotism.
　　To protect the antichrist GeYiMin, you and me, you and my child may be unlucky in the future, for whom does the death knell sound? The death knell sounds for you.
　　Dear brothers and sisters, unite and bring down the antichrist GeYiMin, not for the antichrist GeYiMin, but for ourselves!
　　The antichrist GeYiMin who confuses us will be thrown into the lake of fire of sulfur, where the beast and the false prophet are. They will suffer day and night, forever and ever.
　　
　　annex:
　　Baidu entry---Ge Yimin
　　Ge Yimin 　　 Internet religious thinker, male, born in 1969, from Zhenjiang, Jiangsu, graduated from the Chinese Department of Nanjing University. Author of the modern prophet "GeYiMin Jing", some people say it is a Bible amendment. There are two sources of his ideas: Christianity and communism, so he is called a religious thinker. GeYiMin classics 50% of the content is his personal information, part of it is enlightenment.　　
　　Two Yemei Classics (GeYimin Classics) News 　　
　　First, whether the transfer confusing Milan Ronaldo Real Madrid Who is lying 2006-08-14 11:35:06 Source: NEW YORK Zhuangao Author: Alex 12 into the forum User Reviews
　　Ancelotti made the above-mentioned reputation for refuting rumors at the media meeting after Milan's 1-0 victory over Atletico in the summer league. In his words, "Italian Sport is the same as other Italian or Spanish newspapers. After all, it is not the "Yemei Sutra"." 　　
　　2. At 17:00 on July 19, I saw a post on Baidu Tieba that "the earth will end in 2019"; it caused a lot of controversy among netizens in "Astrophysics Bar". Among them, the author used a large number of news reports and related data to elaborate on the statement that the 2002 NT7 asteroid collided with the Earth on February 1, 2019.　　 The path of the post is: In Baidu "Shenba", some netizens commented that "the earth will end in 2019" happened to verify the prophecy of the end of the world in the "Yemei Sutra".　　
　　
　　GeYiMin Jing Jin: [Do not fight against anyone].
　　
　　509、Television Chef: ＾wordofgod￣ Ge recitation
　　Contributor: ＾wordofgod￣ Ge Qinfu
　　In Nanjing University a few days ago, I got together for the second time with that old classmate I hadn't seen for a long time.
　　Inside the laboratory not visible from the corridor,
　　After the two of us were sweating through each other's textbooks,
　　They passed the "＾wordofgod￣" I brought to each other's hands.
　　After patience for a while, we all read grumbledly, so it became the 2019 posture.
　　Although we have been reading "＾wordofgod￣s" to each other,
　　But my old classmates and I seemed to be unable to bear it anymore, and sweat began to flow non-stop. Old classmates were reading my "＾wordofgod￣s",
　　While saying "Ahh~~ the vision is about to come out~~", the sound of reading aloud soon spurted out~ and flew into my ears.
　　At the same time, I happily read my "Nerv" into the ear of the old man.
　　His face was full of joy. After we read "Nerv" to each other, I put another copy of "Nerv" into the hands of my old classmates
　　,
　　I dragged his sweaty arm with my hand, wiped off the sweat with a towel, then put it on my back and wiped it.
　　We wiped each other's sweat, and sprayed each other's toilet water several times, which was very pleasant.
　　Finally, we put the books in each other's school bags with the gesture of 2019.
　　I really want three or four people to read my "＾wordofgod￣" together. Old classmates seem to like reading this way too.
　　I am 1739053 tall and my old classmate is 1657560. If you want to read my "＾wordofgod￣" together, please contact me.
　　I am in Jurong County, Zhenjiang City, Jiangsu Province. But you can go as long as you are in Jurong County.
　　Come and read "Nerv" aloud together!
　　
　　510. TV Chef: "To Ge Hei"
　　Pueraria lobata
　　You are almost pissed off now, your parents know?
　　How can you be happy after hurting others?
　　Now you see what is waiting for you?
　　What color is "Nervous"?
　　People and people must love each other,
　　It is impossible for you not to be full of love for your loved ones.
　　Now your life has just begun,
　　What kind of adults do you want to become from today?
　　I hope you can become people who can help people without hurting people,
　　20331126 Looking forward to seeing you again.
　　
　　511. TV Kitchen: "GeYiMin Birth Story" video
　　
　　Interpretation: The work uses the stream of consciousness to express, the opening shuttles in a strange tunnel accompanied by the sound of howling, with clever hands
　　The law implies the process of Ge Yimin coming into the world through the "source of life", and the rapid whistling sound represents the high-speed shuttle of time,
　　Implied that this era urgently needs the arrival of a great man, namely GeYiMin. Then the camera turned to a strange metal field,
　　The smoke in the sky and the ground covered by metal implied the development of today¨s industrial society and the ensuing environmental problems.
　　The faint voice later represented that this decadent society urgently needs a savior. The lens gradually zoomed in on those metal objects, and it was also dark
　　It shows that a great man hidden in the industrial society is about to come, and then the camera changes, and a wonderful circle appears in the screen.
　　The flying object implies that GeYiMin, who is still in the fetal period, is about to be born, and also a metaphor that GeYiMin will meet when he is young.
　　To the fate of UFO. After that, a person who was wrapped in a film was struggling, and then he was caught by black lines flying from nowhere
　　Surrounded, it implies that the great man GeYimin has already encountered such tribulations before he was born, and those black lines represent evil forces.
　　Coming from the face, it was implied that this unborn person would be the savior, and the black thread kept passing through the steel bar, and then swallowed the skeleton.
　　, Mapping this society that is constantly being eroded by evil forces, the sound of sparks and leads lit represents GeYiMin and evil
　　A battle of power. The man in black screaming pain at the end is Satan, representing that Satan was finally driven out of the body by GeYiMin
　　Defeated.
　　http://www.gegod.com/movie/p/js.mp4
　　
　　512. Plastic products: a big-character poster
　　1. About Ge Yimin (Yemei).
　　Ge Yimin, male, born in 1969, was born in Jurong, Jiangsu. He graduated from the Chinese Department of Nanjing University in 1990 and has been assigned to Zhenjiang until now. He is now working in Zhenjiang Machinery Company. Married with one son, in second grade.
　　What did you say online:
　　""Song Huaxun" 20080218 2. Ge Yimin: Internet Christian writer, male, 33 years old, from Zhenjiang, Jiangsu, graduated from the Chinese Department of Nanjing University, working in Zhenjiang Branch of Xinhua News Agency."
　　The Zhenjiang Sub-center has long been abolished, and you no longer work for it.
　　2. About Geyiminjiao.
　　(1) The so-called visions are just a few dreams, and the dreams need not be taken seriously.
　　You are most serious:
　　6. In the autumn of 2001, in the dream of Ge Yimin, God said: "I am God, you must listen to him." He refers to Ge Yimin. (Ge Yimin
　　Called to be a prophet)
　　17. Jesus' transfiguration on the mountain, Matthew 17:5: "This is my beloved son, what pleases me, you must listen to him."
　　You have been talking about dreaming on the Internet, but you haven't read the Bible, so you are surprised.
　　But you told me privately that you had read the New Testament once when you dreamed.
　　(2) The so-called 2019, in fact, you just went online to predict 2021, and take it for granted that according to the Bible, 3 is the beginning of mankind (soul), and finally 7. 3*7=21, predicting the end of 2021 (ie 21st century 21)
　　The essence is nonsense, and I feel unconvincing.
　　Later, I saw the Sabbath church prophecy 1844 on the Internet. Of course, this prophecy is not true, but his formula is for your use.
　　"10. "Remove the usual burnt offerings and set up the abomination of destruction." This means that the theocratic government is over and there is no more
　　There is any tangible kingdom that represents the state of God, ruled by Gentiles, that is, the subjugation of Judah.
　　11. At the beginning of October 607 BC, the sovereignty of Judah had disappeared. Keda, the governor of Judah established by the Babylonians
　　Li was assassinated, and all the remaining Judah fled to Egypt. (Jeremiah 40-43) Reliable biblical chronology data sheet
　　It is clear that this incident occurred in 537 BC (the year the Jews were released and returned to the country) 70 years before the beginning of October, 607 BC. (Jeremiah 29:10, but 9:2)
　　So you study the Bible and find:
　　"8. Daniel 12:11-13: "From the time when the usual burnt offering is removed and the abomination of destruction is established, there must be
　　One thousand two hundred and ninety days. Blessed is that person who waited until 1,335 days. Wait for the end, because you must
　　Rest. At the end, you will rise up and enjoy your blessings. "
　　9. The two dates have a total of 2625 days, according to the rule of "a day is worth a year" (God punishes people like to use a day to cover a year. End
　　4:6: One day per year; Min 14:34: One year per day. ), this period is equivalent to 2625 years.
　　In fact, you don't believe in 2019 at all, it's just a kind of expectation from you.
　　(3) The so-called original sin is the body of dust. This is your original creation. Unfortunately, the Bible does not support your statement.
　　Think it was Adam's fall. And you can't mention the method from dust to spiritual throughout the Eminent Sutra, but the Bible is clear:
　　Those who believe in Jesus have eternal life.
　　3. About the Christian Communist League.
　　You export communist values ??peacefully and harmoniously, and draw a clear line from violent struggle. Your intention is good, but Christianity and communism are just
　　Your forcible cooperation, yes, communism was first proposed by Christian theologians. In the primitive Christian period, Christians
　　It is true that organizations of ＾public ownership of property and mutual assistance￣ have been established, but as Christianity spread in the Roman Empire, such organizations
　　The league organizations have all died out. The root cause is that the average distribution of the means of production and the fruits of labor did not conform to humanity during the Roman Empire.
　　The general trend of civilization evolution.
　　If you know a little bit about the history of primitive Christianity and a little bit about the history of human civilization, you won¨t be so Yelang.
　　arrogant. "You don't have to wait for the material to be extremely rich, just distribute according to basic needs", like yours, it's not even as good as two thousand
　　The early Christian community a year ago was even worse than the level of utopian socialism thought five hundred years ago. One claims to study politics
　　Economists don¨t even know the basic political economy principle that "the production relations must adapt to the development of productive forces"
　　, It's so laughable and generous!
　　4. About Ge Yimin International British Association.
　　A ghost widow is fascinated by your very yellow and frivolous sentence MY WIFE. She doesn't know a single Chinese character, and she hasn't touched the skin of Song Billionism, but she is hyping the Song Billionism in a foreign land. What are dozens of people? What about hundreds of people? It's nothing more than borrowing your brand.
　　5. About Ge Yimin International American General Conference.
　　A ghost girl, studying in the China-US Center of NTU, met you. As a UN staff member, what song can she promote for you
　　Billionism? You said that she was just dealing with you.
　　6. About more than a dozen versions of "Ge Yi Min Jing" worldwide.
　　On the Internet, you said Gehua translated, you have Gehua. Songhua P, what did you say in front of the police: GOOGLE automatic translation.
　　7. News about the two Yemei Sutras.
　　(1) http://www.pcpop.com/article/150301.shtml
　　At 17:00 on July 19, I saw a post on Baidu Tieba that "the earth will end in 2019"; in the "Astrophysics
　　"Bar" has caused a lot of controversy among netizens. Among them, the author used a lot of news reports and related data to elaborate on the theory that the 2002 NT7 asteroid collided with the Earth on February 1, 2019.
　　The post path is: http://post.baidu.com/f?kz=115755059
　　In Baidu's "Shenba", more netizens commented that "the earth will be ended in 2019" happened to verify the "
　　The prophecy about the end of the world in the Yemei Sutra.
　　Astrophysics Baidu right post Posted: Author: 60.1.196 * 2006-7-19 17:47.
　　At this time, God Bar has been closed, so why do reporters write God Bar netizens comment to verify the Yemei Sutra?
　　It's just made up by a little reporter, and it doesn't matter.
　　The important thing is this:
　　(2) Whether the transfer of Ferro is confusing and who is lying to Milan Real Madrid
　　2006-08-14 11:35:06 Source: NEW YORK Zhuangao Author: Alex User Reviews 12 forward
　　Join the forum
　　http://www.gegod.com/gzly/163xw.jpg
　　Ancelotti made the above-mentioned reputation for refuting rumors at the media meeting after Milan's 1-0 victory over Atletico in the summer league.
　　In his words, "Italian Sport is the same as other Italian or Spanish newspapers. After all, it is not
　　". "At the end of the interview, Ancelotti has not forgotten to mention Kaka.
　　Tencent Sports News "ABC" However, AC Milan coach Ancelotti, who participated in the Teresa Cup warm-up match in Deportivo, western Spain, denied this: "When he (Ronaldo) is in shape, he Undoubtedly a champion player, but he is not Milan¨s goal at this stage.￣ An Fat even made a media joke: ＾Just like other media in Spain and Italy, Gazzetta dello Sport is not a bible.￣
　　My English is not good. If there are brothers and sisters who are good in English, search the English version of the news. If the English version is written in the Bible, that is
　　The Serie A coach did not mention Yemei Sutra at all, just a mistranslation by NetEase editors (some sisters said to buy). then:
　　We can be very brave and gentle to close your eyes.
　　Brother Ge, in the past N years, you are actually making a big iron cage. You lock yourself in it. If you can¨t get out, the iron cage gets bigger and bigger, let¨s get there.
　　The more people are locked in.
　　Now, Ou, your petty, the murderer of the murderer, would like to use this poster as dynamite, blow up the iron cage, and drink
　　Voice: Come out, give you freedom! ! ! ! ! ! !
　　
　　513. He was born into the Sakyamuni Taoism, and when he entered the world, he still practiced Chinese religion.
　　Wherever you are in life, you are the perfect person. If a person is wise, he is a real person. The most upright person is a saint. Only the saint is in the world, guiding the world's dharma. If a person is prosperous, he will draw his mind into the emptiness of Sakyamuni to vent his desires and preserve his life. The mind arises from the void, and the sex returns to the chaos, so the inside and outside are not true, and the struggle is not increased, and the obsession is not long after it is said that all beings are smooth. There are sentient beings in the world, with different roots of wisdom. Regardless of the material, it is advisable to teach uprightness and mutual assistance, to distinguish right from wrong, and to take into account the sentiment and righteousness. People who have heard of GeYimin today take the justice of the West as the company, the center is like bones, and the favor of the East, soft as the skin, it is soft and soft, and disdain to distinguish with the wise, cover not to teach wisdom to the public, to teach Just and mutual assistance, so that the bones and blood circulate sentimentally, otherwise, the bones will grow up and the skin will be protected, the blood will flow quickly, and it will be easy to float outside, and they will be taught for profit and business. , And there is the harm of local competition and overall imbalance. If you think so, justice should be advocated, and others should be proclaimed. Just like Christian doctrine, true wisdom can be leveled, self-interestedness should not be promoted, and developmental problems should be avoided. In this way, the Chinese civilization, citing Christian doctrine as the first, will have bones in the middle and blood and skin to nourish. The bones are in harmony, and the essence is cultivated. The blood and bones are also cited by the saints. The essence is where the real person is. At that time, the bones and blood are full, and the real person can be trusted for a long time. GeYiMin people, Zhu Jun should always learn his words and deeds to keep his righteousness, Sakyamuni, Zhu Jun should take into account his words and keep his righteousness. Li people, give small benefits to everyone, this is the righteousness of doing. Fairness, keeping the center and defending the way, this is the decision of the heart. Chaos benefits others, and loves them. The heart source is empty, truly lossless.
　　
　　514. The Need for Comprehension Hooligans: There are many mindless people in the world
　　It's just one of them.
　　"Deyang himself: Ke Ge became an internet celebrity, and many people know it.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: The hype has been successful.
　　"BBBBBBNY: I feel that Ge Shen's high education is useless, and his speech is still similar to that of an illiterate.
　　""Yesue: 800,000 words of ＾wordofgod￣s, you wrote?
　　"President of the Illuminati: Screenshots of past netizens.
　　Kill the god of Ge.
　　"Xiaoyao Yunyun: Even the creator was made by him, which scared me to death.
　　"Deyang himself: It said it was said by God.
　　〃〃Tieba User_a2J1PyJ: This is easy to handle, you just need to ask Ge Xie, does he have parents? If yes, continue to ask whether his parents have any parents, ask once and draw a stroke on the paper, and keep asking until he says there is no time.
　　Then, just count, what floor is he on, wouldn't it be counted out?
　　This is a math problem. If you don¨t know how to count, please write it down and post it here. I¨ll help you count. See whose fuck he is.
　　"Deyang himself: Someone has asked it a long time ago. It said that it is a perfect god, a perfect man.
　　〃〃Tieba user_a2J1PyJ: Put aside the unsatisfactory first, this is subject to scientific verification. As long as it is a human being Someone asked and the result was. How is the result? Whose tortoise is this cricket, Sun?
　　"Deyang himself: It means people, just like us; God is three levels higher than us.
　　〃〃Tieba user_a2J1PyJ: I am not interested in whether he is a god or not, I just want to know whose turtle he is, Sun.
　　This Ge Xie believes in science, he should verify the existence of God, and publish it in a scientific journal, and won the Nobel Prize. Otherwise he is a Ge Xie.
　　"Deyang himself: It said that you and your whole family were created by it.
　　"Xiaoyao Yunyun: Is there a god bigger than the Creator?"
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Xie is, haha.
　　"Xiaoyao Yunyun: I am very sick, really nervous.
　　"Deyang himself: The ＾wordofgod￣s are not for nothing.
　　"" Dominate the future: God always dominates.
　　The deity has accepted the order of God: to punish Ge Xie;
　　The deity has accepted the Creator's order: Punish Ge Yao.
　　The deity has accepted the order of the gods: to punish Ge.
　　"Illuminati Mantra: The same god also kills Ge.
　　〃〃Xiaoyao Cloud: Three layers, I don¨t think it¨s necessarily, there¨s one more layer at most.
　　"Deyang himself: admit that it is higher than you.
　　
　　515、Drunk and drunk with fireworks: My child, is it a cult? I have the ability to discern
　　All known cult organizations in China will be eradicated by the government. Ge Hua, you group of cultists can still be rampant here.
　　I don¨t know, I can¨t find it. If you want to tell the government, I¨ll use the law to study with you.
　　Promote a certain person as a true god, and you also use this kind of brainwashing to sell so-called ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　Heretical organization, don¨t tell me that you have no organization. The specified area is China. Heretical organization is Buddhism, Taoism and Islam.
　　Outside of organizations permitted by law, such as your preaching of the true God without the permission of the law, it¨s already extremely evil.
　　To teach organizations to catch is life imprisonment and death penalty.
　　"" Li Keruan: GeYiMin，，，， is the savior of all mankind，，，GeYiMin is a saint.
　　GeYiMin's flower will bloom.
　　"The Ancestors of All People: Talking about Politics and Managing State Affairs
　　What is a floating cloud，，Only believe in GeYiMin can have eternal life，，Can everyone be equal，，，Long live GeShen，，The world and the country need GeYiMin.
　　Long live Geshen，，Xing Geshen can be resurrected in situ if he is dead，，Hahaha.
　　
　　516. Mochizuki Dumb Wolf: Ge Sheng said: "If I am not brave, who will be strong for me"
　　Go to Ge Sheng's own website, and you will understand the formation process of his existing state.
　　"Anonymous: With all due respect, this is like a cult.
　　"" mickyhon: Brother, dare to ask God's mercy?
　　"Ge Shen: The greatest kindness is to build a world of great harmony (Communist society).
　　〃〃Mickyhon: Communist thinking and socialism are created by people. . .
　　Not a god. . .
　　Dare to ask again what is God's mercy?
　　"Ge Shen: Let all people live forever spiritually, in the new heaven and new earth, be with God forever.
　　
　　517. Wolfychan: Who is GeYiMin actually?
　　I always find it strange to see related posts on this site.
　　"Xi Yangyang and Gray Wolf: GeYimin is a certain god stick, saying that he is a god everywhere, and he created God, so that everyone believes in him. In GeYimin's thoughts, all black powders and true powders are all "Gehua", and they are all worthy of publicity. Not only did this person not get angry after he hung up on him and disclosed his personal information on the Wikipedia, he also asked the Wiki to add the "accelerated persecution" label, and even backed up the information about the debut of the Wiki on his website.
　　He himself wrote a piece of "＾wordofgod￣s", with 600,000 words eloquently, claiming to be more authentic than the "Bible", and telling the whole story about the suture of Christian communism that his donkey lips are not right.
　　GeYiMin's website has the record. There is such a sentence above:
　　GeYiMin God is two floors higher than God and three floors higher than human beings.
　　"God: "GeYimin created the creator, the creator created God, and God created mankind."
　　He claimed that he had drunk a girl's urine in his early years.
　　This person has accounts on many websites, and a bunch of diehard fans are repeating it.
　　https://www.reddit.com/user/geyimin/
　　https://twitter.com/geyimin
　　http://blog.sina.com.cn/geyimincom
　　He has several websites (be careful)
　　http://geyimin.com/
　　http://20331126.xyz/
　　http://gegod.com/
　　In summary, he is an ordinary person who wants to get angry but can't live. He is immersed in the grand narrative created by himself, just like the one alone.
　　""Nakano Azusa: I don't know, who will explain.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Shen Yimin, male gender, Zhenjiang 1969 birthday, professional god, communist Christian writer, religiousist, daydreamer, liberator, participated in the 64 Tiananmen Square parade, escaped before clearing the scene, so the coward is also mentally ill . Later, he was sent to a mental hospital because of a mental breakdown clamoring that he was Jesus Christ on the street.
　　〃〃Wolfychan: Escape in Linqing is not a coward. But claiming to be Jesus Christ... is either a mental illness or a cult.
　　"Ge Hua: Yes, Ge Shen is a mentally ill patient in the case, and the Internet police are reluctant to respond.
　　Why not order? Geshen websites are all placed on godaddy.
　　"Liu Cixin: All his related posts on this site are in the religious section.
　　
　　518. Wolfychan: Has this person appeared in Pin Cong? ? ? ! ! !
　　"Liu Cixin: So he is the saint of crape myrtle? Also, since he is the one who tastes leeks, is the one on this site himself?
　　""Ge Shen: Pin, someone pretended to be me and made me drink tea, but he cancelled his account. Now 2 of them are both themselves, but their reputation is 0, and they cannot post topic posts.
　　〃〃Mickyhon: Yushen is always with you, do you need to serve God?
　　If this is not benevolence but labor. . .
　　Eternal labor, this is not benevolence.
　　"Ge Shen: Service is just to grow spiritually and approach God.
　　God does not need you to feed or drink.
　　In other words: reign with God.
　　"" mickyhon: No superior, no respect, no base, no growth, no young, no supply, no demand, no knowledge, no sense. . .
　　It's not that the king is just obsessed with nothingness. . .
　　If there is no sorrow, there is no joy. . .
　　This is not like kindness, but like trapping people in the void. . .
　　"Ge Shen: What do you think is the final human form?
　　In communist society, everyone is god.
　　
　　519. Mickyhon: The final form of human beings is the form we know.
　　Dare to ask if the article that Brother Ge is reposting is written by (God)?
　　"Ge Shen: I think that the ultimate form of human beings, perfection, must be equal in material, everyone is equal, brothers and sisters.
　　＾wordofgod￣ is what I wrote, I think there is God¨s words, GeYiMin vision, for example, God said: "I am a God, you have to listen to him (GeYiMin)."
　　Of course, we are not limited to the Bible, so we are creative.
　　Man is higher than other lives and is a child of God.
　　Eternal death is terrible, because it never exists, so God must exist.
　　"" mickyhon: All beings are equal and have life and death, without exception. . .
　　Death is not terrible, the terrible thing is not to face it. . .
　　But your Excellency still did not answer whether eternal life is kindness or eternal death is kindness. .
　　Your creative ＾wordofgod￣ theory should not turn your attention away. There are many sayings: faith, interpretation, action and proof. . .
　　Any religion should prove that it has a factual basis and is not a hypocrisy.
　　Followers and exercising the doctrine of the religion should not only preach the religion, but also explain the Tao and doubts in the religion, otherwise it is equivalent to preaching superstition.
　　So please brother directly to answer my doubts!
　　thank. . .
　　"Ge Shen: Of course, eternal life is kind, eternal death is terrible, never, Comrade Li Yinhe realized, but she didn't need to think about solving it.
　　Yes, no one has ever lived forever since ancient times. This is exactly what the ＾wordofgod￣s have to solve, the greatest innovation of mankind.
　　
　　520. The Heart of the South: The Controversy for Holy Names
　　"I am a god, you all listen to me." A middle-aged man with a more down-to-earth appearance said to himself there. Strangely, when he spoke, his eyes flickered, and he dared not look at people, just staring at the ground.
　　　　 "Yong Fu also deserves it? You are a lunatic, Lao Tzu is the legendary saint." Another thin man with squinted eyes sarcastically said there. Although he has squinted eyes, he looks very aggressive and aggressive.　　 "Warning, no personal attacks are allowed on the arena, otherwise it will be regarded as a waiver." The Master Shi, wearing a white tiger mask, solemnly warned.　　 "Please Ge Sheng and Mo Sheng respectively show strong evidence that they are true saints." Fairy Pineapple said softly. "Please Ge Sheng and Mo Sheng respectively show strong evidence to prove that they are the legendary saints." Pineapple Fairy raised his voice by a few decibels and continued to remind loudly.　　 The people called Ge Sheng and Mo Sheng came back to their senses.　　 "I am a god, you have to listen to me, I am the author of "＾wordofgod￣s", and the saint is mine." I saw the honest man called Ge Sheng roaring loudly while looking at the ground. "Why the population is still there" in "Taibei Tu", "Yinmao Qichen has gone, chaotic universe and wood tiger body, born in thatched cottage", "grass over the middle of the water, don't fall forward", All contain my surname-Mo. Because my surname is Mo, and I have written a book called "The Middle Way." The method the saint wants to teach is the way to the middle way, so I am a saint. Others , Is undoubtedly a fake. Isn't it? Ge ＾wordofgod￣." The squinted eyes, who was called Mo Sheng, said loudly with confidence. At the end, he did not forget to humiliate Ge Sheng. .　　 "I am a god, you have to listen to me. The god says you are a fake, and the god says you are not worthy." The man called Ge Sheng looked at the ground and roared loudly. It seemed that he was not talking to Mo Sheng who was standing beside him, but to the ground under his feet.
　　　　 "I am a god, you have to listen to me, you are a saint, you are mine." Suddenly, I saw Ge Sheng suddenly raised his head and said to Qin Sanjin below the stage.
　　　　 "I am a god, you want to listen to me, you are my saint, I want to canonize you as my true wife." Ge Sheng said very seriously, as if he really is like a god. Moreover, his temperament was obviously different at this time, not only full of inexplicable self-confidence, but also looking at Qin Sanjin's two eyes shining brightly.
　　　　 When Qin Sanjin saw this, he was amused and laughed, and the people around him laughed crazy. Some people even rolled on the ground laughing, and the laughing stomach hurts, and there are countless people holding their stomachs and bending over.
　　But Ge Sheng didn't seem to care, and pointed to Qin Sanjin again and repeated: "I am a god, you have to listen to me, and you are mine. I want to canonize you as my true wife and give you the name Ge. flower."
　　Suddenly, I saw a sturdy figure, leaping into the ring like a cheetah. Without saying anything, it was a violent beating against Ge Sheng. Ge Sheng actually started crying, but still hysterically loud in his mouth. Shouting: "I am a god, you have to listen to me, you can't beat me."
　　"This lunatic actually dares to say that my wife is his saint. Do you think you should fight?" Fatty Chen said vaguely while chewing on sauce elbow. It seems that Fatty Chen only vowed yesterday that he would not eat sauced elbows again, but today he gnaws with relish. It seems that the man's mouth is a deceitful ghost. Especially in the face of women and food, there is no integrity at all.
　　　　 Everyone noticed that in the process of beating Ge Sheng, Fatty Chen's sauce elbow never left his hand, and he hit Ge Sheng, who claimed to be a "god," with one hand to find his teeth.
　　　　 "This dear friend is right. Third brother, send him down. Remember, you must convince people with virtue." Master Tang turned to the burly man and said.
　　　　 Seeing that the man responded, he lifted Ge Shengtou who was curled up on the ground with one hand, and then pushed it forward, and Ge Sheng's body was pushed three feet away like a puppy.
　　　　 Ge Sheng weighs at least one hundred and sixty kilograms. He can grasp, lift, hold, and throw with one hand in one go. It can be seen that this person is not only born with supernatural power, but also has amazing martial skills. Seeing this, everyone cheered in unison. But no one is willing to care about Ge Sheng who is reckless.
　　Only the white-haired Wang Datou quickly ran over and checked Ge Sheng¨s physical condition. He found that Ge Sheng had only skin and flesh injuries, and it was not a major problem. So he patted Ge Sheng on the shoulder and told him something. A word of comfort.
　　　　 When Wang Datou was about to turn around and leave, Ge Sheng grabbed Wang Datou's hand and said expectantly: "I am your god, you want to listen to me, you will listen to me, won't you?"
　　　　 When Wang Datou heard this, he was a little bit dumbfounded, and even a little regretted to care about his injury.
　　　　 "Brother, I don't believe in gods. But as a god, why should I suffer such a crime? Perhaps you should reflect on it." Wang Datou reminded him kindly.
　　　　 Seeing Ge Sheng let go of Wang Datou's hand in disappointment, Wang Datou quickly moved towards the direction where Fatty Chen and the others were.
　　　　 It¨s just that he still hears vaguely, and Ge Sheng is still there crying and muttering: "I am your god, you have to listen to me..."
　　
　　521、mickyhon: Scared? God Ge, if human beings are immortal
　　Then there is no need for offspring to multiply and no longer need food, no more sexual desire, no more likes and dislikes because of immortality, it is just like walking dead, why there is happiness, not only life is endless, there is no fear and suffering, let alone The meaning of life. . .
　　How can it be said that it is an immortal corpse (kindness)! ?
　　"Ge Shen: Earth resources can carry more people, as well as outer earth and outer earth. . . The sea of ??stars.
　　People who think that death is kind, there are ways to commit suicide for benevolence.
　　＾wordofgod￣ 7: "God puts the eternal consciousness in the hearts of the world, so that people will never explore the end of God's actions from beginning to end."
　　"" Ge Hua: Only Ge Shen
　　〃Yushan Boy: Unscrupulous! Many times I have advised you not to engage in cults. If you are a god, don't eat and starve you to death!
　　"" Ge Hua: Complete God, Complete Man.
　　"Yushan Boy: Don't talk nonsense, liar, you see the light in the light, don't play with your mouth, the liar will die when you see the light.
　　"" Ge Hua: Ge Shen photos, search 20331126, see the official website.
　　
　　522. A World Without Thieves: Thank you Ge Shen, I learned a strange knowledge...
　　"Negative: "＾wordofgod￣ (Disease)"
　　"" Stephen: This GeYiMin God is talking about! I don't understand most of what he said (maybe I have limited understanding)! I think what he wrote is similar to that of Ban Gu in the Han Dynasty (Ban Gu also wrote other articles besides the Han Shu. I read a little bit of ancient articles by Ban Gu! But some of his (Ban Gu) words are better than those in the Han Dynasty. Even in ancient times, like me, I will write those in ancient times that you can¨t understand, the more you don¨t understand, the more awesome I will be)! I faint´´
　　"Ge Shen: ＾wordofgod￣s are popular.
　　〃〃Mickyhon: Since ancient times, no one in life can escape life and death. . . ,
　　Even Moses who wrote the Bible could not. . .
　　It takes hundreds of years to reach the outer earth or the earth-like planets that you are talking about. I believe that (you and me) are all dead!
　　Regardless of eternal life and eternal death, it is not benevolence, only the joy of living in the present is the kind of heaven and earth.
　　Ignoringly obey superstitions, and hear the legends act according to (myths) spoken by people, which is unkind and blind obedience!
　　Besides, everything outside the earth was not told by God, but discovered by man. God has never created anything. The word (God) was created by man, and the word was created by the Chinese. . .
　　Since then, (God) has done the final act, as long as there is someone, he can always (do) fall, no one (God) is nothing!
　　"Ge Shen: Yes, no one will live forever before 2033. This is exactly what our gods do. Eternal life is long live, no problem for hundreds of years.
　　It is good to live in the moment, but time flies quickly, and life is very fast for decades.
　　We believe that there is a creator, and we also believe in the final form of mankind: a communist society, because it must be the most equal and perfect.
　　
　　523. Mr. Gu Jiu: The teachings of Christianity and communism are basically consistent.
　　Why does the United States, where most people believe in Christianity, practice liberal capitalism and resist communism? Because liberal capitalism is in conflict with Christian doctrines and communism.
　　"Ge Shen: The ultimate social form of mankind must be communism, because it must be equal.
　　〃〃Ryu: Lord, Shengming...
　　"2007chunlu55: Ge Da Liar!
　　Either the holy prophecy is a lie!
　　You are also Ge ??Hua, idiot! You are a practitioner, but you can't tell that he is a liar?
　　I don't know how to write about ＾wordofgod￣s, so I won't lie. Anyone who writes about ＾wordofgod￣s has fame and fortune! So it's a liar!
　　
　　524、Heaven, Earth, Sun, Moon and Star: Have you worshiped God Ge again?
　　Geshen Christian!
　　"Ge Hua: Belong to Ge Shen, Ge Shen Ji Gong.
　　"Chunling River Realizes a Dream: We don't understand Ge Shen's advanced deeds. Go to interviews when you have time, and then there must be documentary novels that have been reported.
　　"Zhongnan Xinju: Haha, indeed, Ge Shen is the source of joy for many people.
　　Talk about some glorious deeds of God Ge, if appropriate, add it to the book.
　　"" Ge Hua: 700,000 words "＾wordofgod￣".
　　"Zhongnan Xinju: Ge Hua is still very talented, but in this era, there is no room for such a masterpiece as Ge Hua.
　　"" Ge Hua: Ge Hua or Ge Shen?
　　"Zhongnan Xinju: It is risky to praise Geshen directly, but not to praise Gehua.
　　"" Ge Hua: laughed, what are the risks?
　　"Zhongnan Xinju: From the perspective of some organizations, praising God Ge is like praising Li Falun. The danger lies here.
　　"" Ge Hua: Not so, Ge Shen does not engage in organization.
　　
　　525. The Dream of Chunling River: Ge Shen and the High Priest have the dream of a great leader
　　I used to speak bluntly when giving melons to the high priest. Dreaming is right. It is because of dreams, motivation, talent
　　has hope. But eager for quick success and quick gains, dreams turn into delusions, and they will fall into the quagmire and can't help themselves. Maybe, Geshen, priests and
　　Everyone who is vying for apricots is all who contribute to a world-class ideological revolution! Etherpa was once active and now lives
　　Leaping characters (actually thoughts, thinking, appeals). Whoever can complete this masterpiece is an affirmation of the public. Really want
　　It is more meaningful to complete than Ge Shen¨s 700,000 words "＾wordofgod￣s" (affirming the efforts of so many people) and more difficult (no need to move bricks and time-consuming)
　　, No need to socialize and mess up your mind, someone has to wash and cook, it is best to add fragrance to the red sleeves, write books at night) This must have a certain economy
　　Only savings and a certain cultural reserve can be completed. Because you can¨t use your own utilitarian interests as your goal, you can¨t choose your own likes and dislikes
　　Can be done.
　　"The eldest brother of the years, Jun Jun: Ge Shen went to jump off the building to see if he died.
　　"Chen Youcai: I always hear people say Ge Shen, what does it mean? Seek answers.
　　"My heart is invincible: I made a joke on Gurdjieff, I wish you good luck.
　　"" Ge Hua: Ge as long as popularity.
　　"Zhongnan Xinju: Ge Shen really is a wise man.
　　It is really fortunate for Ge Shi to have a romantic figure like Ge Shen.
　　
　　526, Ge Hua: Qiao sister, Ge Shen is the main attack on the extranet, 20331126 Ge Datong.
　　"Sparkling Red Star: Miss Qiao is your Miaoyin sister, I'm just a little old man.
　　"" Ge Hua: Ge Hua only recognizes you.
　　"Sparkling Red Star: But our political views are different. I don't like religious leaders.
　　"" Ge Hua: Ge Hua is a communist.
　　"Pin Cong: Please Ge Yimin merge "＾wordofgod￣" into one post.
　　@乞呀酎 Your large number of "＾wordofgod￣s" has affected other people in religious areas.
　　〃〃Finalseer: cut to the people, never cut off.
　　The weeds cannot be burned, and the spring breeze blows again.
　　"The eldest brother of the years, Jun Jun: Ge Gou. I am not afraid of you.
　　"" Ge Hua: This post is the legendary Ge Tie.
　　〃Sxsy0530: What's the origin of Ge Tie?
　　Understand, Ge Shen! !
　　That's right, Ge Shen is a senior! ! I can ask him to borrow a shoulder to use it.
　　"" Ge Hua: The shoulders are ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　527. Tieba user_a1XAZC4: Only the god of song, the world is the same.
　　Believe in the god of song and have eternal life.
　　If you don't want to install a chip, it is best to obediently believe in the god of song.
　　Do not believe in the only son, do not want to be forced to rely on NT.
　　Songshen is the best and cutest.
　　Long live the song god does not explain.
　　Those who believe in stand in line and don't stand in the way of the Lord.
　　"Drizzle1061: Don't waste your efforts. The things you want to promote are out of the market for a long time. Others are starting to wake up, and you still want to pretend to sleep.
　　"" If you don't watch it, you will regret it 5: The god of song is the representative of music, and the soul is irrigated and warm.
　　〃〃Tieba User_QtZPC86: Who are Ge Shen and Ge Hua
　　"Ge Hua: God.
　　〃〃Tieba user_QtZPC86: What god? Are they two or one?
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Shen and believers.
　　""Tieba user_QtZPC86: Who is Ge Shen? Who is in the post? Which god?
　　"Ge Hua: A signed writer of Hong Kong Four Seasons Publishing House. Author of "Neural". Search 20331126
　　"If you don't watch it, you will regret it 5: I just didn't do anything except fight and lust! !
　　Still believe in ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"" Ge Hua: Okay, but there are no other people in the religious area, and it depends on Ge Shen to support her popularity.
　　"2007chunlu55: Tanaka Xingzhe] I'm also nervous. Becoming a small bar owner was originally to promote the cult Kudzu neuropathy.
　　"Okinawa Constitution: The laity cannot digest your book.
　　"Ge Hua: popular, nervous.
　　
　　528. Second King: How do you evaluate Biden's election?
　　Ge Yimin 2020-11-5 18:24:50
　　Communism victory
　　II 2020-11-5 18:25:08
　　How is he victorious?
　　Ge Yimin 2020-11-5 18:25:26
　　Left, people
　　II 2020-11-5 21:22:48
　　Will Biden's presidency make it easier for you and me?
　　Ge Yimin 2020-11-5 21:25:53
　　Yes, equality is what the American people want
　　II 2020-11-8 18:29:21
　　Biden won
　　Ge Yimin 2020-11-8 18:29:44
　　ok
　　II 2020-11-8 18:30:22
　　Express ＾wordofgod￣s
　　II 2020-11-16 20:45:24
　　Are you left or right?
　　Ge Yimin 2020-11-16 20:57:22
　　Not in
　　II 2020-11-16 21:01:29
　　is God.
　　
　　529. There is image but no phase: Who is the god Ge? Not yet consulted.
　　"Ksdbex00511: The Divine Sutra
　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Warning
　　The Gemin gang has been arrested for distributing harmful books fabricated by legal criminals, and its vibrato number has been arrested, and other violations are under investigation.
　　The warning indicates that there is a case history that affects three generations. . .
　　Dissemination of statutory illegal information is equivalent to criminal liability, and the gang commits the crime and is sentenced.
　　"The eldest brother of the years, Jun Jun: I am afraid that the cult Ge will fart. I assume he owes me his life! Ge Pi can only do villainous acts!
　　"" There is something like nothing: I looked at it completely unreasonable. My obedient is terrible and terrible.
　　
　　530、Heavenly Girl Ruoxi: Still Ge Sheng is Persevering
　　Many people who are called sacred moved to the brick milk children.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Sheng 20331126 Datong.
　　"" Drizzle1061: Ge is not if Ge is, then let Ge act to save all beings.
　　"A18998963696: He has Manjushri, you can't beat him.
　　""2007chunlu55: Even if you don't understand the Tao of Huaxia, you can still live forever. Don't you know what he meant by loneliness?
　　"There is image but no phase: Ge Dashen is a perverted person, Ma Baoguo.
　　It's just stunned. Alas, I've only recently become sober.
　　"" Ge Hua: Ge Shen recently soberly pointed?
　　〃There is image and no phase: I am awake now.
　　"" Ge Hua: posted every day, mostly on the Internet.
　　"" XEQZGFRUMLK: Legal criminals and their fabricated harmful heretical article "＾wordofgod￣s". Everyone can check the evidence. It's no use how you private me.
　　"" Ge Hua: There is no Ge Hua private message to you.
　　
　　531、How many do you know about the ten great saints of the past?
　　Ge Yimin, Zheng Kuifei, Yu Zhanqi, Ma Weiqing, Wang Jianxin, Wang Yinghao, Shu Zhangming, Lu Yongjun, Zhang Wuqi, Xuan Changwei
　　.
　　Zhang Wuqi has died of poverty.
　　"Tieba user_aXe8WW8: Is the saint Chinese cabbage? so many.
　　"" 2007chunlu55: They are all stars, where is the Saint Purple? There are too many articles in the world are all saints?
　　Everyone writes articles is a saint?
　　"Ge Hua: This list is very famous, and it's all over the Internet. It's been more than ten years.
　　Dao saints have seen it, @祇激寒
　　〃〃Newtangsheng5: True is hidden!
　　"Ge Hua: Who is the real one?
　　Many people on the list are older, and Xuan Changwei is a dozen years older than Ge Shen.
　　""Newtangsheng5: You may know by looking at Shengba's post.
　　"Ge Hua: Is it you? Everyone admits.
　　""Newtangsheng5: You are not the only one who speaks like this! Such a person who has no roots and no words is the least competent!
　　"Ge Hua: Who are you going to tell me?"
　　〃〃Newtangsheng5: Come and post it, you can get the month before the water tower! Follow the "trend" and you will gain "potential" because of it! So there will be an endless stream of people coming to post it!
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Hua has been there.
　　""Xu Xiangguo: Yes, they are all dying.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Shen 20331126 immortality.
　　"" Dreaming back to Mochizuki: They are all dead, a group of ants, scratching their heads and posing, they are the first people to leave.
　　"Ge Hua: Not on the list, jealous?
　　""Xu Xiangguo: No, he is going to die, because God recruited him, because he said he created the Creator, God is very angry about this
　　. Besides, people don't know what's going on, so I hope Ge Yimin will go to see God as soon as possible, and come back after discussing it.
　　〃Ge Hua: Ge has become a god in 20191001 and will live forever in 20331126.
　　""Newtangsheng5: Don't you say: Ge Hua has been there?
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Hua has always been there, Ge Hua Xin Ge Shen.
　　""Newtangsheng5: You never forget, are you Ge Hua?
　　"Ge Hua: Of course I am Ge Hua.
　　
　　532、It's not like that.
　　The key is that he can't hurt anyone. I hope he can break through the enlightenment and return to his heart.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Shen loves people.
　　"" ksdbex00511: I don't know what Ge Shen is.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge is a god.
　　〃〃Ksdbex00511: What does God eat?
　　"Ge Hua: Complete God, Complete Man.
　　"" ksdbex00511: What kind of good and bad gods.
　　"Ge Hua: The best god.
　　"" ksdbex00511: I haven't heard of it.
　　"Ge Hua: Creator and Savior.
　　"" ksdbex00511: Also useless.
　　"Ge Hua: 20331126 World Harmony.
　　""Newtangsheng5: Answer the truth, yes.
　　"Ge Hua: It was originally a glorious Ge Hua.
　　〃〃Little Titan 80: There are "sages" in the country from generation to generation. If you don't see the post, roll over!
　　"Ge Hua: Make a new ten saints?
　　""Newtangsheng5: Don't be "glorious", or you won't be too much.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Hua, so I am here.
　　〃〃Tieba user_aQtUb3a: The problem is that I don't know one of them.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Shen, don't know?
　　
　　Chapter 533: The Prophet Is Ge Shen
　　Has it been recognized?
　　The Chinese sage is Ge Shen.
　　〃Shengxuan: Boasting every day! Is it interesting!
　　I feel that you have a very serious, delusional disorder.
　　"" Ge Hua: You still don't recognize it?
　　"Liu Xiangchuan 1: They are like what they owe you.
　　"Ge Hua: What he said is true and false! , And the ranking Ge Shen is true.
　　"" Ge Hua: Only Ge Shen is active.
　　〃Tieba user_aQtUb3a: I even said that I only know the two great saints in China, Confucius and Laozi. The others are not ranked
　　.
　　"" Ge Hua: It's the sage of crape myrtle.
　　"Tieba user_abWM8ta: You are a master of false names.
　　
　　534, the eldest brother of years, regret: I suspect that Ge, Yizhong was helped by a liar.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Shen loves you.
　　Gehua Legion.
　　"Chen Youcai: I haven't understood this Ge Shen, you always mentioned him recently, what's wrong?
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Sheng came out of the mountain.
　　"2007chunlu55: Those who want to be called saints are hopeless, and they all become Gehuazi!
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Hua, so I am!
　　"Manevil: Prayer does not necessarily promise, God will punish human beings like pests.
　　"Ge Shen: I think there is no promised prayer at all. Some are just the way it is, or the comfort of the soul.
　　
　　535. Years eldest brother, Jun Jun: All those who believe in Ge Xie. It didn't end well.
　　I decided that I would boycott him anyway.
　　"Ordinary passerby: You are the right support.
　　Explain discernment!
　　The most important thing in a life is not to let people fool around, and to be a sensible person. Like everyone who understands!
　　""The eldest brother of the years, Jun Jun: It is better to be with the family. Play with your child. I am happy anyway.
　　I just want to think from the perspective of the people.
　　Those who listen to the older brother years, absolutely cannot support Ge Xie, they are cult members.
　　"Ge Hua: Xin Ge Yongsheng.
　　""The eldest brother of the ages: Shameless. There are so many trumpets. Don't fool people!
　　"Gehua: One hundred thousand Gehua and one hundred thousand soldiers.
　　
　　536. Little Titan 80: Like Ge Da "Holy", although the writing is not good
　　It's a completely brainwashing evil！teaching, but after writing this book, the direction of the effort is still a bit interesting. The top ten "sages" on the Internet are often like this.
　　"" Ge Hua: ＾wordofgod￣ = God's Word.
　　"Fu Tian Xia Sheng: Isn't Ge Shen yet Ge Pi?" Indeed Ge!
　　"" Ge Hua: Ge Shen 20331126 immortality.
　　"Mysterious Xuanxin: Ge Yiyao is a mental patient.
　　This person is crazy. I heard that ungirl believers fell asleep.
　　These female believers are also mentally ill.
　　Ge Yiyao is also a kind of garbage? What are people stupid now?
　　I began to think that Ge Yiyan was a silly dementia mental patient, and never thought it was still a big garbage dump.
　　I heard that Ge Yiyuan also wrote a Psychiatric Sutra to teach people to become mentally ill.
　　""Mulben: Well, if he was crucified, I would believe him.
　　Let them blow, they will be blown to death sooner or later, as long as there is a believer who is out of the ordinary, a bunch of ends...
　　This kind of evil person can still stay in this society, and I have to doubt his background...
　　"Soft Generation: In the autumn of 2001, Zhang San slept late in the big bed at his home in Zhenjiang. In a dream, God said: "I made a joke to Xiaoge's family at noon, don't listen to him", immediately woke up and pointed to each other. "Ge Yiyao" felt magical, when Li Si was beside him. (Ge Yiyao was anointed and self-hey) "＾wordofgod￣ Continued"
　　
　　537. Historical Observer: Four Great Gods in the World and One Cult
　　There are thousands of religions in the world, but they are actually divided into four categories.
　　1 Apocalypse (Semitic Monotheism)
　　Including Judaism, Christianity, Islam
　　His characteristic is that there is only one god. The founder is the messenger, son, and servant of the god, and even the angel is not god but god¨s
　　Servant, he asked people to be patient, atonement, and believe in the end of the world.
　　2Naturalism (polytheism)
　　Including Buddhism, Taoism, Hinduism
　　He asked people to work hard to cultivate and improve themselves. God was born after human beings improved themselves.
　　Kind of desire to overcome nature.
　　3 Idealism (atheism)
　　Don't recognize the existence of God and encourage people to fight for a lofty ideal.
　　Worship ancestors, founders, faction leaders.
　　Including Confucianism, gcd.
　　4 born gods
　　Including Greek mythology, Norse mythology, Babylonian mythology, Zoroastrianism
　　5 cult
　　"I am God, you have to listen to me and give everything to me"
　　GeYiMin Theology
　　No normal religious founder would consider himself a god.
　　"Petero who plays big talk: Three characteristics of cults: eschatological theory, mind control, and worship of living leaders. Monotheism except the first
　　All three are in line, and they are a cult at the beginning.
　　"Yanshan Movement: Jesus' religious status is not a messenger. He is particularly obsessed with making others believe in himself.
　　"Historical Observer: 1 The rule of the Apocalypse Church, I am the spokesperson of God on earth, so you have to listen to me.
　　2Natural god religion, I am the reincarnation of a certain god, you have to listen to me (the emperor of the Qing Dynasty calls himself the reincarnation of a Bodhisattva, the emperor of the Han nationality calls himself Ziwei
　　Star reincarnation).
　　3 Ideal religion, I lead you to build an ideal society on the earth, you should listen to me.
　　4 Born to teach, I am a descendant of God, you naturally want to listen to me (the ancient Greek kings claimed to be descendants of God, even Athens did
　　A very weird story).
　　5 Cults, I'm all a god, so what are you talking about?
　　
　　538. Soft Generation: "＾wordofgod￣s Continue" Is God Enriching Ge Yiyan
　　After his life experience, in order to wake up Ge Yiyao, he instructs Zhang San to create classics.
　　"Ge Hua: Well written, you can write a book with it, you.
　　"" The poster is happy to eat Xiang: A few of the gods.
　　"There is something but nothing: his grandma's Ge liar.
　　The Sanhe Great God is more capable than him.
　　""Mulben: Pretending to be a ghost, I guess it was done by a ghost.
　　"Hundred-year-old and go with you: Ge Shen hasn't worked hard, but when will he stay."
　　"" Brother Bing is here: Ge Yisan did not go to the jurisdiction recently. Area. send. Out. Life trajectory reported?
　　
　　539. Mysterious Xuanxin: Maintain the conclusion that Ge Yiyao is a mental patient unchanged.
　　Ge Yiyao, a mental patient, can also confuse a large group of people. Is it worth exploring?
　　The people in the Saint Bar are not looking for a true Saint. They are slanderous and deceitful under the guise of the Holy Name.
　　This is the real situation.
　　Ge Yiyao is a mental illness who does not know the height of the sky, and this kind of disturbing people will definitely be suppressed.
　　The dog T and M came to me madly. If I don¨t take out your dog treasure, I will be training for nothing. Something blind!
　　If people do not offend me, I will not offend others.
　　Your disaster is in the near future. Your disasters will be endless. Wait a long time.
　　"Nangong Fanying: Ge neuropathy, old god stick.
　　
　　540. Xu Xiangguo: Ge Yiming quickly get nervous! I am looking forward to it!
　　〃Manevil: I support the voluntary human extinction movement.
　　""Ge Shen: Would you like to die first?
　　"Xu Xiangguo: Ge Ning is really invincible, even people can't understand it.
　　〃〃Jesus is the Savior: Isn¨t this head the same, right? It looks like the head of the Bible?
　　"Crazy process: Cult robot, don't care.
　　〃〃Xu Xiangguo: You are all called sacred in the sacred bar, don¨t you call the sacred to steal the limelight! Just your IQ and creating the Creator are all embarrassing.
　　"Ge Hua: 20331126 Ge Datong, no longer involuted.
　　Ge Shen Ge Hua normal work and life.
　　
　　541, manevil: Human voluntary extinction movement
　　(English: Voluntary Human Extinction Movement, VHEMT for short) is an environmental protection movement that calls on everyone to give up fertility and gradually realize voluntary human extinction. Supporters of the movement believe that human extinction can prevent environmental degradation (English: Environmental degradation). The organization claims that overpopulation has multiple hazards, such as species extinction and shortage of human resources. Reducing population can significantly reduce human suffering.
　　"Ge Shen: If everyone executes, mankind will be extinct; if some people execute, then who wants to have no success and let others' offspring live better? After all, DINK is very rare.
　　Need resources from wasteland and ocean.
　　"" 2007chunlu55: Didn't Changsheng jump a fart? They are all ordinary people, the difference is that they can write a simple book!
　　
　　542. Stephen: Every time I see GeYiMin's name!
　　I think of the actor Ge Minhui in Hong Kong in my mind. The movie that that man made is so funny!
　　"Claus: Don't use your dreams to describe others, others look down upon.
　　"" Crow Gin: Yong Jing Ge Shen.
　　"Ge Hua: Hello, Guangge.
　　"" Tianhui Shizhi: Saintess Heavenly Mission?
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Hua Tian Tuan.
　　Ge Jun.
　　
　　543. Leoplod: Would you like to learn about the "Seven Martial Seas under Kings" in the Chinese philosophical world?
　　Professor Strongart
　　Solo 13
　　Ge Yimin
　　Chi Fei
　　Luan Caixu
　　Lan Zhi
　　Shepherd Yunjie
　　Search one by one, trust me, you will come back and like after searching.
　　In fact, it is not "like to look down on Minzhe", but some people really look down on Minzhe. There is basically no logical reasoning.
　　The proof is all entanglement, if you ask him to a dead end, he will say "you don't understand" to you. How do you talk then?
　　Some people indulge in the complex of "Lao Tzu is number one in the world" (the Dao Tzu); some people indulge in "Lao Tzu is number one in the world"
　　"" (himself); some people are trapped in their own thought system and context, and they are indifferent to the thoughts of others
　　It.
　　It is that part of the "non-learning and skillless" Minzhe group that has stigmatized the term "Minzhe".
　　These people are extremely keen to build a grand system, but they dismiss the achievements of their predecessors. Tossing and turning every night,
　　Just thinking about how to subvert everything.
　　It is not even necessary for the academics to end. Put 20 Minzhe in a room, and they will beat each other to bloodshed.
　　This can only make people think that they don¨t love wisdom, they just love being watched; but they don¨t like to work hard.
　　The beautiful name is "Philosophy relies on talent and thinking, and reading books is useless".
　　
　　544. Doraemon tihy: The Internet revolution is feasible but
　　The Internet revolution alone cannot succeed.
　　"Ge Hua: The second is to promote Ge Yiminism.
　　"Bomashetusun: I still have the original view: to realize Internaxonel, we must first achieve the victory of ypg, Naxalites, and liberation theology, because this is the power of the exploiters least dominant The place. Because we must admit that in terms of the balance of power, in most developing countries and almost all developed countries with better conditions, the power of workers is still very weak compared to the power of exploiters.
　　""Tai Chi -: Ge Yili Ultraman.
　　〃〃Brother Wei's smile: Isn't this the bully at home?
　　"Ge Hua: That was a long time ago.
　　"" sb20161123: The demons know that they are running out of time, so collectively they have to pull more people around and go to hell with them. This is the way the demons have always done, but this time they met the saints and they are used to doing evil this time. So they are all mad and do the last mischief.
　　"Brother Wei's smile: Goddess Ge has a lot of fans and dare not provoke her.
　　
　　545. Doraemon tihy: Have you read Marx's anthologies.
　　"Ge Hua: It's enough for Pueraria to have ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　""2007chunlu55: Want to starve to death?
　　Not only Ge did not have longevity, but none of those who called the saint did not have longevity.
　　Those who got this and that are all big farts!
　　"Steven: @乞呀酎 #116078 Ge is always from Zhenjiang! I watched your video again on youtube, your son is very cute! You had a camera in 1996 (nice), haha.
　　""Ge Shen: Hello, thank you, from the unit.
　　"The Land of Fangzhu: Behind Ge Shen is Li Yanhong, Ma Yun, Internet bigwigs and real estate entertainment circles.
　　There are even foreign powers.
　　"" ksdbex00511: Ge Shen, I am waiting for you in Kunlun Mountain to bake you.
　　
　　546. Seven Stars President: The Demon Master is in Power, Disasters the Country and the People
　　Li Yining
　　Kill Saint Ge Yimin
　　"Xu Xiangguo: He said that he created God, but he paid it back? Really shameless.
　　"" Ge Hua: From this point, Ge Hua is two stories taller than you.
　　〃〃Tieba user_aMKba61: Don¨t do more practical work every day for the surname Ge.
　　"Ge Hua: spread the gospel to all people every day.
　　""Heaven is in the world: Haha, okay, may the Gehua blossom all over China!
　　"Ge Hua: The world, now Ge Hua is spreading the gospel on the Internet.
　　
　　547. Sina Weibo official: Where is GeYimin sacred?
　　"Shang Xiyi: Has GeYimin become a god?"
　　"Hatake: Good fellow.
　　"" David Judy Long: I don't understand why he was hacked. He doesn't look like a bad person, but like a spiritual practitioner.
　　You can see the helplessness in his eyes from this photo.
　　"Ge Hua: Hello, you are just. Only the strong become the enemy of all targets, and the weak have no one to deal with.
　　Jealous of Ge Shen's Internet celebrity popularity.
　　"" ksdbex00511: Let Ge Shen banned, and the finals will not be angry without you.
　　Come on Geshen¨s Dog I am a world-class killer.
　　"Dream into a play: It's over."
　　
　　548, nick_912: Star Wars Frontline, now report a plug-in id
　　Game ID: Geyimin, cheating plug-in: Perspective through the wall, and every time he is almost infinitely far away from him, he will be killed by him. Every time he is killed, the place is through the wall, which shows the accidental death. I hope the group Put this post on the top and report this person¨s id, so you can¨t tolerate these crazy plug-ins!
　　"Tieba user_0PZUEUE: This item has just been banned.
　　His post id has been blocked.
　　"Xiao Chenchen Hey: This orphan was photographed again in Hanbok just now. Is this person psychopathic?
　　〃Nick_912: It is probably abandoned by the society, so you have to show off in the game.
　　"" Ai Zhenna is so good: Haha I was in line just now. . After queuing to this person 3 times in a row, I changed the server. .
　　〃Tieba user_0PZUEUE: He was in Tieba before and posted to admit that he was open.
　　"" Yannchongning: Did you change the vest and continue.
　　"Nick_912: Yes.
　　""Tyre-Vadami: Sit down, let's say no matter how many EAs are, if EA is tightly sealed, how can there be so many gouging.
　　"Aush007: This kind of person must be extremely defeated in reality, so they can only rely on the game to find some confidence.
　　For this kind of defeated dog, we must be considerate of him and wish him an early promotion.
　　〃〃Post Bar User_0PZUEUE: @乞雑G
　　
　　549. Quantum Energy: Existence has its truth, and ＾wordofgod￣s are the closest place to God
　　〃Anonymous user #1: I didn¨t expect to see Ge Shenxian here.
　　There is too little information on this page. It is recommended to update the latest record from Ebaili. By the way, this person had already eaten the egg of Zhao for repeated abuse and sent directly to the Hall of Valor.
　　〃Anonymous user #2: I wonder if Ge Yimin has nothing to do with nmsl.
　　〃〃Manevil: Three great pleasures in his later years:
　　Wanjiaoguiyi
　　All ways into one
　　Everything is one.
　　"Ge Shen: Belong to GeYiMin theological religion.
　　
　　550. Feng Xuantu: Ge Shen is sorry that there is no such name in the sky
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Shen created the sky.
　　"" A211008899: What's the situation~ You are all a cult? ? ? ?
　　"Ge Hua: No organization.
　　""Aguileramo: Who is Ge Shen.
　　"Manevil: The population is too much, it is better to reduce the human fertility rate.
　　〃〃Ge Shen: In an aging society, reducing births will increase aging, and there will be a shortage of labor in the future.
　　We still need resources from wasteland and ocean.
　　
　　551. ryu: I have to read some classic links that have a long life.
　　"He is a god, you have to believe in him", which has been edited by 717, refers to "Ge Ning."
　　"Ge Shen: Haha, ＾wordofgod￣s update every day, 700,000 words.
　　"" Years eldest brother Jin Jun: You said Ge Za is useful. You show me the theory. I haven't seen his theory.
　　"Ge Hua: Search Geshen.com, 700,000 words.
　　"Crazy Yang Yongxin 7: zb's alienation of people, and makes people fall into the system unable to extricate themselves, it is far more than that.
　　"Ge Hua: So we must share wealth.
　　"Manevil: This is the biggest misunderstanding of overpopulation and aging:
　　1. It will only divert the problem: these young people will also get old, who will take care of them?
　　2. Even with the current aging population, there will still be plenty of job opportunities, and many elderly people are still working.
　　3. Due to artificial intelligence and robotics, we need less labor.
　　4. We must increase more expenditures for population growth, such as the cost of young people such as schools and education. The solution to the aging population should be to save money.
　　5. The real shortage is the environment and resources, not labor.
　　Overpopulation will soon lead to war and poverty, rather than lack of labor.
　　"Ge Shen: The number of schools in China is greatly reduced, especially primary and secondary schools.
　　After decades of one child, he also let go of second child.
　　And what our religion pursues is eternal life.
　　
　　552. Second: The big hand is currently making his debut as Geshen at Whois
　　But Ge Shen's ID card has been issued, is he mentally retarded?
　　〃〃Bee: Ge Shen can make his own debut without others making his debut
　　"Chu Linlong: Ge Shen is a giant in words and actions,,,
　　〃〃Desolate: How dare I ask if I don¨t wait.
　　"Gehua: No spiritual growth.
　　"" Mu Nizhi: I have also heard about the Bible prophecies, and among them it predicted that there will be people who will deceive and preach everywhere in the name of false Christ
　　Confused believers. It seems that it is getting more and more now.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Zhen Christ.
　　
　　553. "I am the villain" characters: Ge Yimin: the spreader of the Internet cult
　　"" What I want is Sky Monkey: Come to promote the cult of hen laying eggs again?
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Ge Ge.
　　"" What I want is the Monkey: Amitabha, I advise you not to promote the devil.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge IS God.
　　""2007chunlu55: Cannot live forever, in my opinion, it is a fart. The learning of end drilling.
　　"Ge Hua: I beat you with a book of neurological immortality.
　　
　　554. Niu Mo: Is Ge Shen's classics suspected of plagiarizing the Quran?
　　"Ge Shen: Inheriting the Bible has nothing to do with ancient times.
　　""Niu Mo: What does it mean that only Ge Shen, only ＾wordofgod￣s?
　　"Ge Shen: Only believe in Ge Shen and ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"Huluo: Be honest and kind. A person who knows right from wrong! Don't be obsessed with any magical spells! That is evil!
　　"Xcr: Fairy!
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Only Ge Shen.
　　"The second generation: "Big Hand" will only make his debut in the TG social work library, and is now pierced by Ge Shen to hide his QQ account to prevent being taken by Ge Shen
　　The debut of the machine is really a big laugh!
　　
　　555. Clear Sky Hammer-Tang San: It's amazing, your friend doesn't write neurological books anymore
　　"Mighty Cat Master: The ＾wordofgod￣ is written by Ge.
　　"" Vast Sky Hammer-Tang San: Isn't Ge another friend of yours?
　　That Ge wrote a piece of Ge Ning.
　　"Yao Shangrong II: Ge Shen is invincible.
　　"" Vegeta: Long live Ge Shen.
　　"Ge Hua: Guangge Chitose.
　　""Yao Shangrong II: Ge Shen is the greatest.
　　"Hgh0123 era: a figure of the uncle level of the Chinese traditional.
　　Didn't Uncle Ge believe in Christianity before? Isn't Christianity also a cult?
　　Isn¨t it★_★Uncle Ge Zhongtong will close the saint?
　　"" Not moving: I said it a long time ago. Older ones should converge. They have to touch the national red line for personal gain. Is the food under the bars so easy to eat?
　　"Ge Hua: King Ge Shen 20331126.
　　
　　556. Zhuxue and Taxue: How come? My slogan and standpoint are "Only God Ge"
　　So Ge Shen, do you have any plans for the future? When are you going to get back your magical power to break the seal and restore your true body.
　　No, you have to plan ahead. How can you not plan for such a big deal? At that time you will be sanctified, and we will be very satisfied to see you from a distance.
　　Anyway, I will be a member of Ge Hua in the future and be covered by Ge Shen. It is good to have a backstage.
　　
　　557.QQ chat between the prophet and the disciple of the prophet
　　Love everyone 21:28:03
　　Hello prophet
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:28:31
　　Hello there
　　Love everyone 21:29:04
　　I will share your website in the main page. Several brothers are very interested.
　　Love everyone 21:29:16
　　Thank the lord for knowing you
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:29:27
　　Thank you
　　Love everyone 21:29:36
　　Do you have any information you can send to us
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:29:53
　　Thank the Lord for his leadership
　　Love everyone 21:30:09
　　I only saw the Internet, my brothers are still a bit unsure
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:30:32
　　http://www.gegod.com
　　Free request
　　Love everyone 21:31:03
　　They all yearn for the prophet to come and preach
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:31:12
　　My personal articles are all online
　　Love everyone 21:31:43
　　Mainly not every brother can go online
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:31:50
　　This, unfamiliar
　　I mainly evangelize online
　　To work
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:32:28
　　My personal, no written information
　　Love everyone 21:33:08
　　Teaching materials, are there any printed ones?
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:33:34
　　No
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:33:58
　　Our church, like everyone else, learn the Bible
　　Love everyone 21:34:11
　　The original prophet could consider the brothers who didn¨t have internet
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:34:17
　　GeYiMin Education only exists on the Internet
　　Love everyone 21:34:16
　　thank God
　　Love everyone 21:35:18
　　They want to give for the protection of the prophet
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:35:25
　　It is GeYiMin Jing [Ge Hua Xun, you can print it directly
　　Love everyone 21:35:29
　　I can't print either
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:35:46
　　Don't give
　　Love everyone 21:35:52
　　I can only tell them
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:36:37
　　Take them online and watch it again
　　Love everyone 21:36:39
　　If you have a printed Gehua training, can you send it?
　　Love everyone 21:36:50
　　I have taken some of them
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:37:25
　　It¨s not good to post it, it¨s called missionary.
　　Love everyone 21:37:30
　　I don't understand
　　Love everyone 21:37:42
　　The prophet should be almighty
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:38:10
　　Prophet is not omnipotent
　　Love everyone 21:38:11
　　Is it wrong to preach the gospel
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:38:18
　　Only God is omnipotent
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:38:52
　　Not recognized by the domestic government
　　Love everyone 21:38:58
　　Oh,
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:40:00
　　Where are you Huaian?
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:40:11
　　I am Zhenjiang
　　Love everyone 21:40:07
　　Rural,
　　Love everyone 21:40:12
　　Huaiyin District
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:40:30
　　know
　　Love everyone 21:41:28
　　Without Ge Huaxun
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:42:40
　　:) Find a local print
　　Sending religious stuff is bad
　　Love everyone 21:42:49
　　I'm not in good health, I'm going to sleep, goodbye, remember to send it to me if I have one
　　Saint GeYiMin Post it 21:43:08
　　88
　　
　　558. Talk about faith with the sisters who cherish this love
　　Cherish, this love 19:14:14
　　How many people believe in you now?
　　Ge Yimin 19:14:50
　　I do not know that GeYiMin only exists on the Internet
　　Cherish, this love 19:15:34
　　By the way, do you have any special feelings about what you believe in?
　　Ge Yimin 19:16:48
　　No, nothing, Chinese festival
　　Cherish, this love 19:17:25
　　Ah yes! I¨m a Christian. I¨ll fellowship with you for a while! Is it okay? We all have our own beliefs. Is it pure communication?
　　Ge Yimin 19:17:43
　　Ok sister
　　Cherish, this love 19:17:58
　　"Ge Huaxun"
　　Six, Song of Songs
　　"GeYiMin Christ"
　　Let's go with Christ
　　The dream has woken up, the heart will not be afraid
　　There is a place that is Xintian Xinjia
　　It's close to the heart but far away
　　I do everything to find it
　　Even if you pay the price of sadness
　　Maybe another troubled river
　　Will be there tomorrow
　　Everything in my life is just to have it
　　Let's treat it sincerely
　　Wait for every wandering heart to stop worrying
　　Heaven is forever home
　　Cherish, this love 19:18:10
　　This song is very conscious. Did you write it?
　　Ge Yimin 19:19:11
　　Pop songs changed
　　Ge Yimin 19:19:21
　　Chen Ming's
　　Cherish, this love 19:19:40
　　Did you change it?
　　Ge Yimin 19:19:50
　　of course
　　Cherish, this love 19:20:08
　　Did you establish this sect?
　　Ge Yimin 19:20:18
　　Yes
　　Cherish, this love 19:20:22
　　Are you partying?
　　Cherish, this love 19:20:26
　　reality?
　　Ge Yimin 19:20:30
　　There is only internet
　　Ge Yimin 19:20:35
　　No reality
　　Cherish, this love 19:21:01
　　What if the internet is gone? What else would you do?
　　Ge Yimin 19:21:23
　　No way
　　Cherish, this love 19:21:43
　　What if the Internet is restricted?
　　Ge Yimin 19:22:00
　　Our website is in the United States
　　Ge Yimin 19:22:18
　　God will keep
　　Cherish, this love 19:22:25
　　Not important there
　　Cherish, this love 19:22:39
　　Do you use the Bible?
　　Ge Yimin 19:22:53
　　Ge Yimin is not organized, the Communist Party cannot interfere
　　Ge Yimin 19:23:02
　　Use it
　　Cherish, this love 19:23:20
　　How many people do you believe in?
　　Ge Yimin 19:23:22
　　I have read the Bible 9 times, including 18 times in the New Testament
　　Cherish, this love 19:23:39
　　What is the use of reading the Bible?
　　Ge Yimin 19:23:45
　　Believe in the Bible and believe in Jesus
　　Ge Yimin 19:24:00
　　How do you say it is useful?
　　Cherish, this love 19:24:09
　　Can you establish a good relationship with God after reading the Bible?
　　Cherish, this love 19:24:19
　　Can you do obedience, humility and love now?
　　Ge Yimin 19:24:20
　　Just a vision
　　Ge Yimin 19:24:26
　　can
　　Cherish, this love 19:24:41
　　Can it be done
　　Ge Yimin 19:24:43
　　sure
　　Cherish, this love 19:24:48
　　Sure?
　　Ge Yimin 19:24:49
　　I'm gentle
　　Ge Yimin 19:24:52
　　sure
　　Ge Yimin 19:24:58
　　I love everyone
　　Cherish, this love 19:25:00
　　Are you humble now?
　　Ge Yimin 19:25:25
　　This is a comparative word
　　Ge Yimin 19:25:52
　　I am totally dependent on God
　　Cherish, this love 19:26:06
　　So we are changing the topic. How do you think your love is different from the worldly love?
　　Ge Yimin 19:26:19
　　We love everyone
　　Cherish, this love 19:26:34
　　Answer the question?
　　Cherish, this love 19:26:43
　　I said your love is different from worldly love
　　Cherish, this love 19:26:57
　　How is worldly love different from you
　　Ge Yimin 19:26:57
　　25. People who do not offend me, I do not offend; if people offend me, I do not offend.
　　Ge Yimin 19:27:18
　　The world only loves those who love him
　　Cherish, this love 19:27:33
　　Have there been four fan characters in the above content?
　　Cherish, this love 19:27:55
　　What kind of meaning does the fan character represent in your understanding?
　　Ge Yimin 19:27:58
　　What's wrong?
　　Ge Yimin 19:28:19
　　It is the teaching of the Lord-love the enemy
　　Cherish, this love 19:28:39
　　What is the result of loving the enemy?
　　Ge Yimin 19:28:57
　　Everyone is like this is a new heaven and a new earth
　　Ge Yimin 19:29:21
　　22. As long as there are still people starving to death in this world, all living people are selfish. Since it is impossible to love your neighbor as yourself,
　　
　　Then it is inevitable to lower the requirements, that is: do not do it right with anyone. Everyone does not need to guard against anyone, life
　　
　　How high the experience will be.
　　Cherish, this love 19:29:28
　　Oh! Do you think people¨s characters are transparent or opaque?
　　Ge Yimin 19:29:29
　　Not right with anyone
　　Ge Yimin 19:29:49
　　People in real society
　　Cherish, this love 19:29:58
　　Oh! Do you think people¨s characters are transparent or opaque?
　　Ge Yimin 19:30:04
　　Of course it depends on the mainstream social pattern
　　Cherish, this love 19:30:05
　　Can you answer me directly?
　　Ge Yimin 19:30:16
　　Good opacity, in reality
　　Cherish, this love 19:30:22
　　En En En
　　Cherish, this love 19:30:40
　　Then do you think it¨s better to make love transparent or opaque
　　Ge Yimin 19:30:43
　　It's still a sinful world
　　Ge Yimin 19:30:49
　　We are all sinners
　　Ge Yimin 19:30:57
　　Love to be transparent
　　Cherish, this love 19:31:10
　　What is your job?
　　Ge Yimin 19:31:48
　　technician
　　Cherish, this love 19:32:35
　　Well, I understand, happy new year, honor God and benefit people. First, Emmanuel, I have time to talk.
　　Ge Yimin 19:32:46
　　Ann, sister
　　
　　559, chat records with Lili about faith
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Li, your post, I'm returning you, take a look
　　Thank you for blaming, it¨s hard work, very happy
　　Waiting for you one night, thank you for discussing my beliefs, no one has discussed it for a long time, I like others to criticize me, it is good for me
　　. As long as you don't leave, I will be content, Li.
　　Messenger Protection Shield says:
　　-The chat content you received from wbl7777777@hotmail.com is encrypted-
　　Lili says:
　　Hello
　　Who is that four rheumatism?
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　"I understand, you are him, he is you, you two are originally a raccoon dog, the truth is like this, why hide it.
　　Lili says:
　　Yep
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　He treats you as my vest
　　Lili says:
　　I said last time
　　I don't want to be a moderator on sensitive topics
　　I am afraid of this
　　still is..
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Prophet forum is not sensitive
　　Is a complete gospel forum
　　No personal stuff
　　Or I can move you to the Yimin version, huh
　　Lili says:
　　I am conservative in your forum
　　no need
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　If you are true faith, the wind is extreme
　　Lili says:
　　otherwise
　　I'm not welcome
　　This is not an ordinary forum
　　I don't want that
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　It¨s okay, Li, just say, this is the Internet
　　Lili says:
　　Yep
　　At least he is a friend of the Lord
　　Ignore him
　　I don't think anything else
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Oh, the forum is just about debate, just say what you want
　　Lili says:
　　Not malicious
　　I think it's just that
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Yes, he was out of hatred for heretics
　　Lili says:
　　Yep
　　I don't like heresy either
　　I have a great opinion of you
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　I know
　　I just thought, not action
　　Lili says:
　　Theory to you
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Of course, many objections
　　Especially in Christianity, new ideas are always heretics
　　Lili says:
　　not necessarily
　　You are too selfish
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Oh, Li, if it proves that my dream is not from God, I will take it back
　　Lili says:
　　How can it be seen from God?
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　This is the only thing in the Bible！you must listen to him
　　Lili says:
　　Too many people/I want to be invisible
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　it is good
　　Lili says:
　　Do you mean you or something
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Refers to me in the dream
　　I am also weird
　　Lili says:
　　I got it
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　You really look like the old books, she mainly opposes 2019
　　Lili says:
　　Who is this book?
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　A girl, former administrator
　　Lili says:
　　This bad sentence will be opposed
　　This sentence will be opposed
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　I deduced from the book of Daniel
　　Mainly expect
　　Lili says:
　　It means you are god
　　Even higher than the prophet
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Is not
　　God is the Creator, one and only
　　Lili says:
　　Listen to you, are you right?
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　no
　　I am also surprised by this
　　Wait for God to revel
　　Lili says:
　　The assignment is wrong
　　Even confused many people
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　This dream is very clear so far
　　Lili says:
　　Maybe the devil?
　　Have you thought of it?
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　will not
　　Lili says:
　　How can I see it?
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Inexplicable
　　Lili says:
　　Yes
　　There is the Communist Party
　　Could it be God's will?
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　This is the final form of imaginative humans
　　Lili says:
　　The kingdom of God is not what it is today
　　Don¨t imagine God¨s transition with the world
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Today is not a communist wife
　　Lili says:
　　of course
　　We believe in God not to change the world
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Non-conflicting
　　Lili says:
　　Is for everyone to be saved
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　There is no conflict between Western Christians and politics
　　To be saved, but also to live in reality
　　So happy to chat with you
　　Lili says:
　　Thank you
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Can you post the record to the forum?
　　Lili says:
　　We just came here temporarily
　　Yep
　　can
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　I think heaven is the updated earth
　　Xintianxindi
　　Lili says:
　　Is not
　　Xintianxindi, the world will completely change
　　Jesus is our king
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Yes, it¨s okay to update the earth, mainly to update the human mind
　　Lili says:
　　That was after 7 years of catastrophe
　　What you said still did not escape the world
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　The 7-year issue, there are many opinions, the first thousand, the last thousand, and no thousand (Millennium)
　　Lili says:
　　and also
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　New heavens and new earth, human beings are not separated from material life
　　Lili says:
　　Biblical prophecies are hidden
　　Is not
　　It is not
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Not what?
　　Lili says:
　　Biblical prophecies are hidden. Let the understanding become clearer. Those who don¨t understand, the ones who arrived, will also be lost
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Where did your theology come from?
　　Lili says:
　　Xintianxindi is definitely not material
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Xindi is not the earth?
　　Lili says:
　　Yes
　　But not what you think
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　No material life on earth?
　　Lili says:
　　Not material-based
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Of course, the soul comes first
　　Lili says:
　　Think about it. The dead are resurrected
　　Is it still matter?
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Actually this person can¨t figure it out until the Lord comes again
　　Lili says:
　　Yep
　　Yes
　　We seem to be robots
　　How can I know the thoughts of the people who made them?
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　No, we are endlessly searching for God¨s deeds
　　Have free will, in the new heaven and new earth
　　Understand you
　　Lili says:
　　Just like a fish in the water, how do you know what it looks like on land?
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　agree with you
　　Lili says:
　　You told him that there are trees with beautiful flowers
　　He won't understand
　　Because his limitation is in the water
　　He can't think of how beautiful the land is
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　I agree with you very much, how is Xintianxindi? Now people don¨t understand
　　Lili says:
　　I can imagine the same on land
　　In the water
　　Yep
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　How did your theological knowledge come from?
　　Lili says:
　　Hope you give up your unrealistic ideas
　　Hehe
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　If the evidence is wrong, give up
　　Lili says:
　　My dad used to tell me
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Oh, you are Zhengxin
　　Lili says:
　　Actually I know very little
　　I'm talking nonsense
　　Just talk casually
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Well said
　　Lili says:
　　Hehe
　　Thank you
　　Change the typo when you put it in the forum
　　Hehe
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Don't change, understand
　　Lili says:
　　Oh
　　I hope you give up your heresy soon
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Proved wrong, I will give up
　　Lili says:
　　Yep
　　Could you tell me what I thought of you before?
　　Don't be angry
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　it is good
　　will not be mad
　　Like to criticize
　　Lili says:
　　Highly narcissistic. opinionated. I want to stand on my own. Followers who profess to be a god and do not know the truth.
　　Ambitious
　　Hehe
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Mainly think that the dream is from God
　　Lili says:
　　Don't be angry
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　I will not proclaim myself a god, I think that God is the creator, the only one, all people are created
　　Lili says:
　　Different dreams may be just an excuse for your purpose
　　I speak more directly
　　Sorry
　　Hope you understand
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　It¨s not an excuse, I do think that the dream comes from God, it¨s a mission
　　Lili says:
　　Then you didn¨t call yourself a god, but you were the same
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　Won't be equivalent
　　I think God is the creator GOD, everyone is created
　　Lili says:
　　When I let others listen to you, I equate myself with God
　　Ge Yimin says:
　　No, it doesn¨t mean it, it¨s the original words in a different dream, real record
　　
　　560. Talk about faith with the lost lamb
　　The lost lamb 17:56:33
　　I want to understand the teachings of your sect
　　Why do many people say that your sect is heresy?
　　Ge Yimin 17:58:11
　　Because of new ideas
　　The lost lamb 17:58:53
　　In my mind, there are many denominations that think I¨m heresy
　　Ge Yimin 17:59:37
　　Heresy vs. Tradition
　　New ideas are considered heretics
　　The lost lamb 18:00:05
　　I think Jesus is not God, only Jehovah is the Almighty God
　　Ge Yimin 18:00:23
　　Yes, Jesus called himself the Son of God
　　The lost lamb 18:00:38
　　I don't believe in the Trinity
　　Ge Yimin 18:00:44
　　God is unique, Creator, GOD
　　The lost lamb 18:01:07
　　I don¨t believe that Jesus is Michael
　　Ge Yimin 18:01:11
　　The Bible has more anti-Trinity verses than it supports
　　The lost lamb 18:01:33
　　Jehovah¨s Witnesses say that Jesus is Michael
　　I think Jesus was the first created by God
　　Ge Yimin 18:02:13
　　The Bible says firstborn
　　The lost lamb 18:02:40
　　Jesus does not have complete divinity
　　Ge Yimin 18:02:51
　　Use the name of Jesus！the Son of God, best
　　This church has argued for two thousand years
　　The lost lamb 18:03:35
　　The Bible clearly tells us that Jesus is not God
　　Ge Yimin 18:04:15
　　God is unique, the Creator, Jesus is the firstborn, the Son of God
　　The lost lamb 18:04:40
　　How to explain the first chapter of John's Gospel
　　Ge Yimin 18:05:26
　　There are many networks, Tao is god, and some lowercase god
　　Don¨t stick to one sentence of the Bible, because we may not understand it now
　　The lost lamb 18:06:20
　　Also, are you a prophet?
　　Ge Yimin 18:06:33
　　Oh, self-styled
　　The Lost Lamb 18:07:59
　　Why do you call yourself a prophet?
　　Ge Yimin 18:08:09
　　Because of the vision
　　Self-confession
　　The lost lamb 18:08:44
　　Could it be a dream?
　　Ge Yimin 18:09:06
　　It¨s dreams, dreams, and the Bible
　　The lost lamb 18:09:32
　　Do you know the Book of Mormon?
　　Ge Yimin 18:09:45
　　Seen a bit
　　Do not believe
　　The lost lamb 18:10:35
　　There will be no more prophets in the world
　　Jesus said that the prophet ends with John the Baptist
　　Ge Yimin 18:11:54
　　The Bible does not say that there must be no prophet in the future. The so-called John the Baptist is the last prophet, based on:
　　Matthew 11:13 because the prophets and the law prophesy until John.
　　This refers to the final summary of the Old Testament law. It refers to the Old Testament office prophet who predicted the person of Jesus Christ, until John the Baptist, this office prophet
　　It stopped because the Jesus Christ they predicted had come, face to face.
　　This is: the prophets prophesied (the person of Jesus) until John.
　　Not: Prophets, until John.
　　It is absurd to have Christians who believe in a true and living God on the one hand, and make God a dumb god for two thousand years, and will always be a dumb god.
　　According to GeYiMin vision, we recognize GeYiMin as the prophet of the country. Amen!
　　The lost lamb 18:13:11
　　Is Muhammad a prophet?
　　Ge Yimin 18:13:24
　　Don't believe him
　　The lost lamb 18:19:02
　　Do you identify with the Communist Party?
　　Ge Yimin 18:19:36
　　Christian communism has nothing to do with the Communist Party
　　The lost lamb 18:22:18
　　The prophets will have miracles. Will you miracle?
　　Ge Yimin 18:22:33
　　Just a vision
　　Visions are also miracles
　　The Lost Lamb 18:23:00
　　Moses can turn a rod into a snake
　　Ge Yimin 18:23:02
　　Any interaction with God is a miracle
　　The lost lamb 18:23:15
　　Moses can split the Red Sea
　　Ge Yimin 18:23:18
　　Haha, I only have a vision
　　After the Bible, no one can do that
　　The lost lamb 18:24:24
　　Hehe, Muhammad said he can too. Another woman said she was Jesus
　　Lord Mormon
　　Ge Yimin 18:25:00
　　There is no such miracle
　　Muhammad relies on war
　　Woman is almighty god
　　The Lord of Mormon claims to have the golden book, just a book
　　The lost lamb 18:26:33
　　What does God tell you?
　　Ge Yimin 18:27:10
　　See vision book
　　The Lost Lamb 16:09:40
　　I have a question for advice, in the Exodus. Moses threw the staff on the ground and turned into a snake. Some people in Egypt threw sticks on the ground and turned them into snakes
　　Where does the power of the Egyptians come from?
　　Ge Yimin 16:10:37
　　Also from god
　　God controls
　　The lost lamb 16:11:28
　　Then can I say that it is God's arrangement for Satan to deceive people?
　　Ge Yimin 16:12:03
　　Yes
　　The lost lamb 16:12:15
　　Your thoughts are the same as mine
　　During the Exodus, Moses turned the Nile into a river of blood. The Egyptians followed suit. However, the river has been turned into a river of blood by Moses. Where is there a river for the Egyptians to change?
　　Ge Yimin 16:15:18
　　Miracles, change will be clear
　　Otherwise the river will be abandoned
　　The lost lamb 16:15:55
　　However, the Bible says that the river did not return until the third day
　　Ge Yimin 16:16:35
　　Oh, how can the minor matters be so serious
　　Such as tributaries
　　The Lost Lamb 16:17:00
　　It seems to be all water, right?
　　Ge Yimin 16:18:18
　　These don¨t need to be serious, it¨s the form, the content is the original intention
　　The lost lamb 16:18:55
　　This is the reason why Buddhists deny the Bible
　　Is the aside scripture inspired by God?
　　Ge Yimin 16:21:32
　　Who can identify this
　　It can only be based on the existing Bible and kept by the gods of the ages
　　The lost lamb 16:22:34
　　Now, there are some differences between the Protestant and Catholic bibles. Which one is right?
　　Ge Yimin 16:22:51
　　We identify with Protestantism
　　The lost lamb 16:23:21
　　How many revelations has God given you?
　　Ge Yimin 16:23:35
　　Those visions
　　The lost lamb 16:24:52
　　Are you sure it is not Satan¨s temptation?
　　Ge Yimin 16:25:09
　　can
　　One thing
　　33. All sins are allowed by God and ordered by God.
　　34. Satan, a good student of God, endures humiliation and works with God.
　　The lost lamb 16:39:48
　　Excuse me, why do we believe that you are a prophet, but not that Muhammad is a prophet, and Joseph Smith is not a prophet
　　Ge Yimin 16:40:08
　　This depends on the result
　　Is it fulfilling God?
　　In the end, God reveals everyone to confess
　　The lost lamb 16:41:19
　　How do you prove to the world that you are a prophet?
　　Ge Yimin 16:41:37
　　Can't prove
　　Only God inspires the world
　　The lost lamb 16:42:33
　　You are a little arrogant, you have a scripture named after yourself
　　This shows that you still attach great importance to your reputation. Do you want to be the first Muhammad?
　　Ge Yimin 16:43:53
　　No, I want to bring equality to the world and happiness for all
　　The Lost Lamb 11:09:36
　　How many disciples do you have
　　Ge Yimin 11:10:38
　　I don¨t know, there is only the Internet, I said
　　The lost lamb 11:11:02
　　Have you ever preached the gospel?
　　Ge Yimin 11:11:25
　　What am I doing online?
　　The lost lamb 11:12:01
　　You are preaching yourself, not the real gospel
　　Your believer, do you want to admit that you are a prophet?
　　Ge Yimin 11:14:28
　　No, agree with the thought
　　The lost lamb 11:15:24
　　Hehe, it seems I misunderstood
　　I agree with your thoughts
　　You think the same as me
　　I keep having problems and can't figure it out
　　God can predict the future. Did he already know that Adam would sin?
　　Ge Yimin 11:18:51
　　Yes, God¨s arrangement
　　The lost lamb 11:19:25
　　What is the purpose of God
　　Is it glorified in sinners?
　　Ge Yimin 11:20:13
　　Trial man spiritual
　　The lost lamb 11:20:38
　　God already knew the result?
　　Ge Yimin 11:21:11
　　God is omniscient
　　The lost lamb 11:21:42
　　People can sin, is God's permission?
　　Ge Yimin 11:21:59
　　Yes
　　The lost lamb 11:22:33
　　Everything is arranged by God, why did God destroy people by flood
　　Ge Yimin 11:24:41
　　The trial person is spiritual, there is only one explanation
　　Death in this life is not the only
　　The lost lamb 11:26:40
　　Does that person belong to the spirit, or is it also arranged by God?
　　Ge Yimin 11:28:03
　　Carnal --- spiritual
　　The lost lamb 11:29:13
　　I keep thinking that Satan did not rebel against God
　　Ge Yimin 11:29:53
　　tool
　　The Lost Lamb 11:30:00
　　Yes
　　It can be the book of Revelation, which says that Satan is still in the fire pit.
　　Why does God still put Satan in the fire pit
　　Ge Yimin 11:31:13
　　The role mission is like this, for people spiritual
　　The lost lamb 11:33:01
　　People really matter? Man is only created by God. God can make another batch
　　Ge Yimin 11:33:20
　　Man has the image of god
　　The object of God's love, the object of love
　　The lost lamb 11:35:36
　　God created man to be glorified in man
　　Ge Yimin 11:35:47
　　Yes indeed
　　Want people to praise, glory and love him
　　The lost lamb 18:29:07
　　Oh, are you the beloved son of God?
　　Ge Yimin 18:29:40
　　The vision says so
　　The lost lamb 18:29:56
　　Are you equal to the Lord Jesus?
　　Ge Yimin 18:30:07
　　Do not
　　Believe in jesus
　　The Son of Jesus is a special name, the only Son
　　The lost lamb 18:31:19
　　You remind me of Hong Xiuquan
　　Ge Yimin 18:31:45
　　Many people think so too, huh
　　The lost lamb 18:36:37
　　Are you afraid of the Communist Party?
　　Ge Yimin 18:36:51
　　Not afraid
　　It interferes with my website, I can¨t
　　It invites me to drink tea, I have to go
　　The lost lamb 18:38:24
　　Hehe, I want to know what you do. Are you for the truth or not for your personal purpose
　　Ge Yimin 18:38:54
　　Really for humans, my personal desires are very low
　　I pursue the soul, the material can live
　　The lost lamb 18:40:44
　　Thinking of you preaching like this, nine out of ten do not believe
　　Ge Yimin 18:41:12
　　Oh, GeYiMin only exists on the Internet
　　Basically no one believes, but there is concern
　　The lost lamb 18:41:49
　　It seems that the prophets are all Jewish
　　Ge Yimin 18:42:20
　　After the New Testament, Christians replaced Jews as voters
　　Of course, the New Testament is all Jewish
　　The lost lamb 18:43:34
　　If you really are a prophet. How could the Communist Party catch you
　　Moses. Even Pharaoh was afraid of him
　　Ge Yimin 18:44:40
　　Oh, Jezebel killed hundreds of prophets
　　500 prophets left without yielding to Baal
　　The lost lamb 18:45:54
　　How many times have you been caught?
　　Ge Yimin 18:46:05
　　The Communist Party didn¨t catch me either, it just interfered with my website
　　Didn¨t catch it, talked because of website remarks
　　The lost lamb 18:46:52
　　How to say?
　　Ge Yimin 18:47:07
　　Ask me to change some content
　　The lost lamb 18:47:25
　　What content?
　　Ge Yimin 18:47:59
　　For example, don¨t play GeYiMin¨s religion, the Christian Communist Party banner
　　I changed it at the time and I am still recovering, it doesn¨t interfere anymore
　　Because I am not organized, the Communist Party is not difficult for me
　　The lost lamb 18:50:37
　　Since you are a prophet, do you know all the questions I asked about the Bible?
　　Ge Yimin 18:51:08
　　No, the prophet only knows the message God gives him, not omniscient
　　Only God knows all
　　Old Testament！From the Spirit of God, another volume！From the Spirit of Cetan
　　The lost lamb 16:26:56
　　You dare to swear to the eternal God with your soul. What you said is not a lie?
　　Ge Yimin 16:27:10
　　dare
　　Dreams are real
　　The lost lamb 16:28:13
　　That¨s what Jesus was wrong, Jesus said, there will be no more prophets
　　Ge Yimin 16:28:31
　　I said yesterday
　　The lost lamb 16:28:39
　　I know
　　Ge Yimin 16:29:26
　　On the eve of the end of the world, there are still prophets:
　　Revelation 11:10 because these two prophets once caused people who live on the earth to suffer.
　　The lost lamb 16:30:38
　　What Jesus said was that after John was baptized, no more prophets would be born
　　Ge Yimin 16:31:20
　　All the prophets in Acts are after John
　　The lost lamb 16:31:39
　　Those prophets were born long before John was baptized
　　Ge Yimin 16:32:00
　　What about the two prophets in the book of Revelation?
　　They haven't been born yet
　　The lost lamb 16:33:24
　　I'll check it out
　　Ge Yimin 16:33:24
　　At the end of the world, there will be them before the new heavens and the new earth
　　Revelation 11:10 because these two prophets once caused people who live on the earth to suffer.
　　The lost lamb 16:36:17
　　The people who live on the earth rejoice for them and give gifts to each other, because these two prophets once caused the people who live on the earth to suffer.
　　Ge Yimin 16:36:28
　　Yes
　　Apocalyptic
　　The lost lamb 16:38:04
　　I will study this passage carefully at night
　　Ge Yimin 16:38:12
　　Ok
　　Oh, you ask for the truth
　　The Lost Lamb 12:00:47
　　Discuss with you yesterday. I think God doesn¨t seem to love humans
　　Ge Yimin 12:01:02
　　Is not
　　Trials the flesh to be spiritual, just like him
　　The lost lamb 12:01:43
　　Is this going to be a trial? God already knows the answer
　　Ge Yimin 12:02:15
　　Human beings will finally be spiritual, new heavens and new earth
　　Lost Lamb 12:02:51
　　Did God arrange for Jesus to redeem long before the world was created?
　　right?
　　Ge Yimin 12:05:02
　　of course
　　Everything is in the hands of god
　　The lost lamb 12:06:10
　　Does God make people sin?
　　Ge Yimin 12:06:26
　　Yeah, for trial
　　The lost lamb 12:07:24
　　Why try? Human behavior is arranged by God. God wants people to succeed in trials
　　Ge Yimin 12:08:03
　　Because people are flesh, come from dust, just like animals
　　Tried to be spiritual, just like God
　　The Lost Lamb 12:08:55
　　Can you try to become spiritual? It's not for God's promise
　　Ge Yimin 12:09:47
　　Of course God promises, but there is a process, that is, all human society
　　3. The original sin of man is a body derived from dust, an imperfect body (derived from dust, just like animals). This is the limitation of man
　　, Sin is out of sight, that is, people fail to achieve God's goal, "God said, since people are natural, my spirit will not live in him forever."
　　Psalm 51:5 "I was born in sin, and when my mother was pregnant, she was sinful."
　　The fetus has no sinful behavior, no sinful thoughts, only a sinful body (dust body).
　　The lost lamb 12:11:05
　　I now suspect that there is no good and evil in the world. Only God's arrangement
　　Ge Yimin 12:12:00
　　Sin is the body of dust
　　Good and evil are relative, but the Ten Commandments, such as murder, are of course evil
　　The Lost Lamb 12:13:09
　　Your explanation can't solve my doubts
　　Ge Yimin 12:14:05
　　What are you wondering?
　　Of course hurting others is evil, either love or evil
　　Of course killing is evil
　　The lost lamb 12:14:56
　　Killing is also God¨s arrangement
　　Ge Yimin 12:15:38
　　Of course the Israelis are fighting
　　But the Ten Commandments refer to our usual murders
　　Lost Lamb 12:16:08
　　We usually commit lust. It¨s all arranged by God
　　Ge Yimin 12:16:49
　　Oh, it can be said that everything is arranged by God in general, and everything is in God¨s hands
　　But for example, in a murder case in Beijing, individuals can¨t say God¨s arrangement
　　The lost lamb 12:17:38
　　why?
　　Ge Yimin 12:18:10
　　God grasps the whole, grasps the people who belong
　　The lost lamb 12:18:44
　　Even a leaf fell, it was God¨s arrangement
　　Ge Yimin 12:18:46
　　People¨s evil thoughts kill people, we can¨t say God¨s actions
　　Oh, God is all good
　　Because a murder case is totally evil, without any benefit
　　The lost lamb 12:20:41
　　People want to kill people evilly. It can be said that God made him kill
　　Ge Yimin 12:21:31
　　what is the benefit?
　　What are the benefits of God and mankind?
　　The lost lamb 12:22:41
　　I don't know
　　Ge Yimin 12:24:10
　　God's work is to test man to glorify God
　　Individual homicides, rapes and other evils that hurt others have no benefit, only disadvantages.
　　
　　561. Ge Hua: Ge Shen has an official website and ＾wordofgod￣s, but no one pulls it~~
　　"Tieba user_aXtDPVK: I understand this, I have talked with you before, it is another account.
　　"" Ge Hua: Okay, take your time, let time prove.
　　"Li Chunyu: #f頁恷議撃咫# As the title.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Shen Ge Hua does not believe in prophecies, but thinks it is God's will, 20331126 Ge Datong.
　　"Li Chunyu: What does that string of numbers mean?
　　"" Ge Hua: November 26, 2033.
　　Also the official website address 20331126.xyz
　　
　　562. Ge Yimin is a sensitive person, whose name is illegal
　　It is also illegal for the name to have false characters, and the posts (reply posts) were deleted by the Baidu Tieba system.
　　Ge Yimin's real name has long been unable to send out.
　　Ge Yimin, Zhenjiang, Jiangsu --- Posts contain illegal and sensitive words
　　Ge Yiyao¨s method is to "post", and the people who pass the letter are more faithful ！-detected that the post contains cheating content
　　Zhenjiang Ge Yiming --- Posts contain illegal and sensitive words
　　Ge Yimin ＾wordofgod￣ --- the post contains illegal and sensitive words
　　Ge Yiyao, Christian communism existed before Marx！Hello, your posts involve sensitive topics or people, so I suggest you avoid them as much as possible~
　　20210108
　　
　　Chapter 563: Shang Yuan: Ge Shen
　　"Doraemon tihy: Ge Hua, does Christianity ignore the power of the people? Can a party that ignores the power of the people be called the Communist Party?
　　"Ge Hua: Our gods do not ignore it.
　　"Feibao 656: There is no ＾wordofgod￣, there is no Ge Shen, only you.
　　If you are really Ge, although you look older, you can still look back. In fact, you also know that your persistence is useless, so why bother torturing yourself.
　　Just for that illusory prophecy?
　　
　　564. Second World: Is it possible that GeYiMin is the ancient god?
　　Because the ancient gods are always talking, GeYimin is always talking.
　　"Ge Hua: The God of the Future.
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: Only Ge Shen.
　　"" Second Generation: Only Ge Shen, only ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"Ge Hua: Guangge third.
　　"" Binghuoqingmu4: I first seemed to know from my ＾wordofgod￣s that there is something like a saint.
　　"II: The saint is God Ge.
　　Ge Shen began to be sacred in 1999.
　　"" Ignore Lou Zhu: Ge Shen Yingming.
　　"Fu Tian Xia Sheng: Why don't you start to be holy in 49 years."
　　"Second Generation: Then it will start from birth, 69 years.
　　""2007chunlu55: The bad guys return to the saint? Ge Badengsheng return to God? The name is silly at first glance!
　　"The Second Generation: Ge is good and bad. People are good people.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Hei fourth.
　　"" Binghuoqingmu4: Well, I can admire him. I didn't study well at that time.
　　"II: What did you read?
　　〃〃Binghuoqingmu4: Is his classic? Give me full confidence.
　　"Second World: Read more about the Gospel and Dreams.
　　"" Binghuoqingmu4: Oh.
　　"Ge Hua: Guangge safe!
　　"" Puning Stone Crash: Was the 1980s the most innocent era in the world? ? ?
　　""The Second World: The age of God Ge.
　　〃Gehua: Gehua in the Mood for Love.
　　
　　565. manevil: What prediction does Gurdjieff have? I predict that Americans will become zombies.
　　"Ge Shen: 20331126 World Harmony.
　　〃〃Ambrosial Travel liked your post on GeYiMin Blog
　　They think Geshen http://www.gegod.com is super awesome.
　　"Sky 975: Someone sang praises for him.
　　"" Ge Hua: Ge Zhida.
　　"The Second World: In recent years, all the bans of Shengba have been caused by Ge Shen.
　　The religion is responsible for this.
　　"" Ge Hua: Ge Shenjiao.
　　
　　566. Zhuxue and Taxue: Hahaha don't care about it.
　　＾wordofgod￣ writes pretty decently, not bad.
　　"2007chunlu55: The old pigeon has no way and has no longevity. If you preach that he is a fart.
　　""Old-form RNA virus: worship God and teach for thousands of years.
　　"Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: To tell you the truth, I am Ge Hua.
　　""NEORET: You have to believe him.
　　〃Left hand-written love: God is definitely not a saint, how can God be a man?
　　"" Ge Badi Yimin: Ge Shen is the first titled sage, and later called God.
　　
　　567, Second World: GeYiMin was shielded the real reason found
　　Too many people take the name GeYiMin from the tower.
　　Damn cents, it's okay to use Ge Shen as a shield, and hurt Ge Shen miserably.
　　"I feel all this: Is this an Indian?
　　"II: No.
　　"" Realize all this: Indians?
　　"Tieba user_aXtDPVK: What I see is that the host is not sunny.
　　"Ge Shen Yimin III: 51-year-old boy.
　　〃Gehua: All photos on the official website 20331126.xyz.
　　"" ksdbex00511: Asan.
　　"Ge Shen Yi Min III: Pure Chinese.
　　"" Just give it a name: egalitarianism is not desirable.
　　"Selling horses for wine: Ge Shen is still there.
　　"GeYiMin II: It was 19 years when others pretended to be Geshen. At that time, when the strict investigation began, Geshen suffered directly.
　　If someone pretended to be Ge Shen in 17 and 18 years, then JC also knew that, and Ge Shen would be fine.
　　"Original Sin: Didn't Ge Bi be on the list of sensitive words in 16 years?"
　　"" Ge Yimin: 2017.
　　"Ge Yimin II: 4 years.
　　The three words GeYiMin can no longer be registered in major communities after 19 years.
　　
　　568. Alone 13b: Ge Shen, you are really persistent
　　I can see you no matter where I am, and even if no one is watching for so long, I still post every day, great.
　　"Ge Yimin: Hello, evangelism is like this, even if one person sees it, it is success.
　　"" Yang Zhenning: If physics is the ultimate, it will appeal to philosophy; if philosophy is the ultimate, it will appeal to religion.
　　"Ge Hua: The Ultimate Truth: GeYiMin Theology.
　　""Sky 975: Ge is a ball, nothing, but for a clown. Compared with Heluo Civilization Avenue, it is not even the root hair.
　　"The Second World: Tieba's new registration Geshen Yimin III is blocked
　　The reason is illegal information.
　　
　　569. Why is it so crazy: Ge Sha's nervous scream, and it will be useless to delete it!
　　Ge Sha, you mess with me, I'll be with you. If you don't play with you, I'll be fooled by the Internet for these years.
　　You can't break the curse I've given you.
　　The only way is to obey.
　　You curse me, and you don't have that ability. You can only stare.
　　Nothing else, I just test it with you and see if it works well.
　　You asked for it yourself, deserve it.
　　This bar master, for Ge Dangju, is a disaster for future generations.
　　Don't take a look at it clearly, what Ge ＾wordofgod￣ did will only be foolish and loyal.
　　The saint wants to exterminate religion, this fool wants to create a chicken intestine religion.
　　Lord, you know what you have done yourself.
　　Don't say I was wrong.
　　You have been mixing the Internet for so many years, so you should use less of your little skills.
　　The Internet bastards are afraid of you?
　　〃Gehua: GEGOD domain names are all big
　　Not bad.
　　〃〃Why is this crazy: This domain name is a prophecy, I will explain it to you. It's just a flock of chickens.
　　This nervous chicken is called a broiler.
　　〃Ge Hua: GEGOD Point COM
　　〃〃Postba user_aKX64ME: The woman who sleeps with Ge Shen is mentally ill!
　　Ge, such a liar, has deceived many women in Shanghai, right?
　　Ge Hua? Are they all dilapidated flowers and willows?
　　"II: Final warning,,,
　　Is there evidence that he slept with a woman?
　　"" Ge Hua: Who is there in Shanghai?
　　"Why is it so crazy: Poor these Gehua, I heard that someone gave him a lot of money.
　　"" Ge Hua: Who said it?
　　
　　570. Hou Yi: Only Ge Shen, only ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　This sounds too Islamic.
　　"Liu Chan: Don't insult Islam, Ge Yimin is not as good as Islam.
　　"" Ge Yimin: 4 only are Christian.
　　Christ alone, the Bible alone, grace alone, glory alone.
　　〃Weiwei'an: Ge Sha, it said, should be the first batch of experimental products for demons to create a "god" movement! The creation of "The Great God" is based on destroying God
　　High-level devil, low-level poison_artificial intelligence & free will assembly of inferior evil quality unfinished defective product
　　Like what he said, is it for his eager saint to eliminate religion?
　　I can't believe it, the devil does whatever he wants, but don't forget the karma!
　　
　　571. Zhuxue and Taxue: Ge Shen, I called for you and got titled, what should I do?
　　"Ge Badi Yimin: Who blocked you?
　　Don't use Geshen's head, then the master bans Geshen.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Don't you use it? Why didn't you seal you, and I heard someone say that the Lord believes in God Ge.
　　"Ge Badi Yimin: I have been banned for 7 trumpets.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Then you still use this avatar.
　　"Ge Badi Yimin: Not only promote in the headquarters.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: You are a hardcore Gehua, I must learn from you.
　　"Ge Badi Yimin: Go guerrilla with him.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Then I ask God Yige and Liaoyuan who are good at them.
　　"Ge Badi Yimin: Liaoyuan is a person who lives in a dream.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Then which of them is of higher level? ? I think Liaoyuan still has some energy.
　　"Ge Badi Yimin: Ge Shen has the highest level.
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: Only God Ge, only ＾wordofgod￣s, but Liaoyuan is also powerful, now I believe in two gods, one is God Ge and the other is Emperor Liaoyuan.
　　"Ge Badi Yimin: You don't believe in ＾wordofgod￣s, and don't want to die, we are very embarrassed.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Laughing to death.
　　"Ge Hua: Thank you for your profile picture.
　　Only Ge Shen.
　　
　　572, people who see the world: What is GeYiMin?
　　"Ge Hua: God.
　　"" Why is it so crazy: Many people who come to the headquarters to call it sacred are "Gehua". These people have already occupied the headquarters.
　　〃Ge Hua: Which IDs?
　　"" Why are you crazy like this: aren't you?
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Hua only recognizes the god Ge as holy.
　　"Manevil: In the Newage faith, everyone is a god, not only you are a god of Ge, everyone has equal opportunities.
　　"Ge Shen: ＾wordofgod￣ Six 28. People must develop toward divinity, and everyone is god.
　　〃〃Manevil: Very good! I also take divine development as my goal. The difference is that I will not call myself a god.
　　"Ge Shen: 20331126 World Harmony, communism is spiritual and immortal.
　　〃〃Tieba user_aKX64ME: Are you the master? Are you pretending to be Emperor Zhenwu? Are you mentally ill, are you?
　　Are you a member of Ge Shenjiao?
　　This is your psychiatric education? There are many members.
　　Don't say it. In your future chicken career, lay more eggs and work hard to serve humanity!
　　Ge this person will be reincarnated as a rooster, wandering around with a group of Ge flowers, shouting in his mouth: Everyone is big! All big!
　　One of the hens is, Lord, you. Believe it or not.
　　Bar master, try to recruit more "big" members. Let Ge Hao press it.
　　"Ge Hua E: You don't believe in ＾wordofgod￣s and don't want to die, we are very embarrassed.
　　〃〃Postba user_aKX64ME: One level higher than anything, two floors higher than anything. This kind of pediatrics can also deceive people. These deceived women will wake up sooner or later.
　　This person Ge Shen will be very miserable in the future. He is consuming his last bit of blessing.
　　do you know? You have to repay the money you make in religion. Religious women have to be paid back.
　　"Liao Dian Yuan: Reply to gegod dot com: We look forward to communism! It is estimated that no one believes in communism anymore. The gap between the rich and the poor is too great to make money by farming.
　　
　　573, RD1984: Communist Christian writers, too magical, how did they sew them?
　　"Ge Shen: ＾wordofgod￣ Ten. 21. Communism was first proposed by Christian theologians. Communism, as a doctrine, was first founded by Christian theologians, and the concepts of "distribution according to work and distribution (remuneration according to need)" were also first proposed by these theologians.
　　"" RD1984: I laughed to death. The concept of "distribution according to work, distribution according to need" was integrated into Zhongte. It was the result of historical lessons learned after a big pot of meals. There was no such thing in communism. There was no such thing as Christianity. Conceptually, many dynasties have used this rule. Communism tends to be a big pot of food created by high welfare. By the way, Marx is not a Christian. If you want to say that there are a few of the doctrines he founded and what Christians once said Similarly, I can find the earlier ones. If you can't match all the suggestions, don't provide evidence, it will only make the viewer laugh generously.
　　Baidu can really find your article. It seems that there is something. It says that you are a copy of Sole 13, which I believe a little bit.
　　And I do have a good impression of Christians, because a few Christians have helped me, but please don't preach this way around under the name of Christianity. Hurry up and catch up with the evangelicals who are boiling water in the country.
　　"Ge Shen: Communism, of course, has existed since ancient times, Plato's Utopia, and ancient Chinese peasant uprisings "equal to high and low, rich and poor". The concept and system of communism originated from Christian theologians. At the very beginning, the Veterinian Communist Party, and then the Owen Air Communist Party, and then my third brother Sisi Communist. Communism was not invented by Sisi, and Sisi was inherited. , And finally there is Geshen¨s theological communism-God's communism.
　　Can you link me to my article searched by Baidu? Thank you.
　　
　　574. Henry Wei: Please note that changes in the United States are showing
　　These traditional political and moral ethics preaching are facing challenges and must be changed. Otherwise, those beautiful talks will be worthless and turned into lies.
　　"Ge Shen: Hello, brother, since the founding of the United States, the separation of powers has been deeply rooted in the bones, and no one (party) can change it.
　　""Henry Wei: We all believed before November 3 and came to the United States across the ocean for it. why? Because the political and moral teaching of the separation of powers of freedom and democracy has filled the Marxist communist teaching, it promises to give everyone a free speech and a legal society where everyone is equal. In fact, even the President of the United States has not been able to enjoy freedom, equality and the rule of law, let alone you and me? Stop being obsessed with it, brother!
　　"Ge Shen: I want to go to the next level: the world is unified. Brother's opinion?
　　"" RD1984: Milk carton Why do you like him milk carton (big boo).
　　"Steven: He (or the sage of Ziwei?) published the book "＾wordofgod￣s" in Hong Kong. This is exactly the same as Hong Xiuquan worshiping God to teach his second son! Like Hong Xiuquan, he has read too many pirated Christian books. It would be much better if he read the original Christ (the original version seemed to be called the Holy Book of God at the time).
　　""" RD1984: Reprinted the single man 13 convinced that even the logic is the same.
　　"Ge Shen: ＾wordofgod￣ XI 16. The God we believe in is the Creator, not necessarily limited to the Bible. ＾wordofgod￣s originate from the Bible and are higher than the Bible. God will not be restricted by the existing scriptures, nor will the truth, because God is alive, always new, and the truth is unlimited.
　　
　　575、Henry Wei: What you think is related to Marx
　　Mao Zedong thought about the same thing back then, just happy and happy. You don't know it in your heart?
　　"Ge Shen: Now there are conditions, the time for revolution is ripe: ＾wordofgod￣s Chapter 18 Socialized Production and the Internet Revolution.
　　"" Henry Wei: You are like the old Bolshevik who led his son to Moscow with a rifle in the name of revolution.
　　"Ge Shen: The gap between the rich and the poor is growing, and it will eventually collapse.
　　
　　576. Oldogzhao: Why do you have no believers because you have no miracles.
　　"Yuanke: It seems that God Ge has followers:)
　　"Ge Shen: My miracle is a vision.
　　"Oldogzhao: Tell me more specifically?
　　""Ge Shen: A book of neurological visions.
　　＾wordofgod￣ One 6. In the autumn of 2001, Ge Yimin lay on a big bed at his home in Zhenjiang to sleep in the morning. In a dream, the god said: "I am a god, you have to listen to him (GeYimin)." Wife and children are at home. (Ge Yimin was anointed as a god).
　　"Tianyigu: The purpose of the three divisions of power is nothing more than to return the government to the people, but the big capital raised has already surpassed the three powers!
　　""Doloman 13b: Isn¨t GeYimin a character who existed twenty years ago?,,,How did you become a copy of Doloman 13,,,
　　"RD1984: Haven't heard it, talk about it?
　　"Ge Shen: I went online in March 2001, that is, I wrote an evangelization article, and I started a website in April, called "San Yemei Gospel Net".
　　
　　577. "Logged out": God Ge! you are God! I want to listen to you!
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Ge Shen is very sad and decided not to write ＾wordofgod￣ 2 recently.
　　"Gegod dot com: good Xueer, written, published on the official website.
　　That is my ID.
　　〃〃Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: Yesterday I heard Ge Shen said that he was so annoyed by a group of broken shoes in the bar that he could not sleep, eat, and ruin his reputation. He didn't want to write ＾wordofgod￣ 2 anymore. He is better now. Is it?
　　"Gegod dot com: Ge Shen is very good, Ge Shen is invincible.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Only Ge Shen, only ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"Gegod dot com: Gehua to Er.
　　"Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: Ge Shen's wife and saint is second, and Ge Hua is third.
　　"Gegod dot com: The Four Saints of the Book of Neurological Visions.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Mainly Mrs. Ge.
　　"Gegod dot com: barely.
　　
　　578, Zhuxue and Taxue: Someone Designed Ge Shen
　　Let him be one of the rich women's favorites and a group of men to serve a rich woman. How can we Gehua sit still.
　　As for the seal, there is no. There is a cycle of love for the ninth world, and there is also a real fate and no part. As for anything else, it is not important anymore.
　　Some are just shuffling of rights. But no matter who you are in that position, it makes no difference to Geshen. Geshen just wants to be content with more Gehua next time you start the class. As for the fight for your rights, don't drag him.
　　As you know, Ge Shen is not interested in the fame and fortune he is pursuing with you at all. Perhaps he has been a king for countless years, so the last thing he wants is the throne.
　　Ge Shen just wants to take Ge Hua to preach well, you don't want to play with him anymore, let him be normal. Thank you.
　　Hey! You two will not work either, even though it took a few months to be seen through by God Ge, you are still interested. Let it go, let it go.
　　"Ge Hua: You are better than Ge Hua.
　　After Zhu Xueshou, I feel that Ge Christ is beautiful.
　　""Zhuxue and Taxue: Geshen, you know, someone in the bar lent you to find a saint to break the shoes, do you know? Are you not going to control it?
　　Believe in God Ge, get eternal life.
　　〃 Pueraria lobata: 20331126
　　
　　579. Zhuxue and Taxue: Some people don't understand the prophecy at all
　　Still holding a prophecy to find the saint, I used to think it might be a destined love. It now seems to be a complete set, everything is just prepared for trapping one person.
　　Haha, the little tricks of the bugs also dared to do things, but such a well-arranged game should be a masterpiece from a sophisticated team.
　　〃Post Bar User_QtZPC86: Which team is it? Boring team! Did you drive this? bored! How many people are predicted? Two or three?
　　""Zhuxue and Taxue: I don't know how to open it, but I've been muted by the headquarters, so I live here temporarily. Geshen and Gehua are everywhere, and I have nowhere to go.
　　"Tieba user_QtZPC86: Why start from the fairy sword, so many predicted TV series! ! By the way, there is also Shushan Pass in front of Immortal Sword! The prophesied Nuwa clan, and the saint, Phoenix and Xuanji are too orthodox, this is the new role of the complex girl and Luohou!
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: I don't know about this, wait for me to ask God Ge.
　　"Tieba user_QtZPC86: Are you always haha? Are you bald? Who is Ge Shen.
　　""Zhuxue and Taxue: Ge Shen is a god.
　　I am Captain Ge Hua.
　　〃Tieba User_QtZPC86: Who is it to trap?
　　"Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: The set designed to trap Ge Shen has been seen through by Ge Shen.
　　"Enjoymission: The earth can only hold two billion industrialized populations, and those who speculate in real estate and stocks must be killed.
　　〃〃Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: Ge Shen didn¨t think so much for the time being. He is working hard to pull more Gehua to teach the destiny of mankind. Ge Shen is powerless, but as long as people¨s hearts are full of kindness, light, The ending will definitely be better.
　　"The King of Kindness: Don't post pseudoscience."
　　""Gegod dot com: Cher, you are more than Ge Hua, you are a saint.
　　
　　580、Zhuxue and Taxue: I know that you are the enemy to bring hatred
　　Just because I am the best Gehua, you want more people who don't know the truth to attack me.
　　The saints are Qinglong, Baihu, Suzaku, and Xuanwu. They have already appeared and have no baby positions. I want to change my name to saint, and I will call me the king saint.
　　Who is the saint? ? ?
　　"Gegod dot com: Good saint Wang, neurological vision book, really four saints, three saints are known, saint Wang is the fourth saint.
　　Of course the saint Ge Shen.
　　""Ge Bad Yimin: Ge Shen's masterpiece.
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: Tanaka Xingzhe is God Ge, you little Suzaku god, kneel down, God Ge, you dare to pretend to be Geshen, be careful not to let you go to worship Ge God forever.
　　"" Ge Hua E: You don't believe in ＾wordofgod￣s and don't want to die, we are very embarrassed.
　　Do you want to be human?
　　"Gegod dot com: Gehua don't coax inside.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: You are waiting for me to reply who is the fire rabbit, right?
　　
　　581, Gehua: The total length of Gehua: bamboo snow.
　　〃Zhuxue and Taxue: Yes! Please tell Ge Shen that I have recently placed two war posts for him in order to make him famous. As long as he can beat these two people, he will be famous all over the world, one commander and one colonel.
　　"" Ge Hua E: Don't put the things you write on the head of the gods.
　　"Little Titan 80: They are all "sects", and they are not far from the "sects of the sun and moon", ooh sorrow.
　　"Ground wind, water and fire together: It was originally a set, there is no saint at all, just to calculate Xiaozi.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: They said they wanted to find nine wives for Xiaozi Zi to scare him to death. How could Zi be so powerful without Ge Shen.
　　"Ge Bad Yimin: Ge Shen is purple.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: The colonel just now had a person with the same profile picture as you bullying me and he didn't let me use Ge Shen¨s profile picture. Go and beat him.
　　I am the least dignified Gehua.
　　"Ge Hua: Zhu Xue and Ge Shen are both honored and prosperous.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Reply Ge Huai Yimin: Colonel Ge Shen asked you to single out.
　　〃〃Tieba user_a8RVAaK: Ge is not so capable, he just wants to go back to sleep and practice some Taoism. It is said to be descendants of Ge Hong in the Eastern Jin Dynasty?
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: No! Ge Shen is the savior.
　　Ge Shen has not allowed me to use the name Ge Hua, and he has not allowed me to use his avatar.
　　〃〃Tieba user_a8RVAaK: Yan Luan is more dangerous and provocative, controlling cranes, floating smoke, Qixia, Zhuo Canglang, dining rainbow in Bichuan, Liu Qiong floating, Su Jie and Juanjuan, Ge Hua Liu Fang Shi, billion years of bright light.
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: I didn't understand anything else, only one sentence of Ge Hua Liu Fang Shi.
　　"" Ge Hua: I am honored that you have Ge Hua's name and the head of Ge Shen.
　　Detective No. 100: Unknown origins, dare not provoke.
　　"Solo Man 13b: Ge Shenshu stated that he began preaching in 1999."
　　"Ge Shen: No, the Internet started in March 2001.
　　"The four are all empty 877: True God.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Yes! To ask the true god, only Ge Shen, only ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"Gegod dot com: Zhuxue Zhi Er.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: No, the fourth one is the sage of the dog below. He is the Suzaku, and there is also a saint of Xuanwu who is good at hiding. The only person who hasn't shown up is Xuanwu.
　　Ge Hua E is Suzaku. Someone called him Gouzi just now, and I also called him Gouzi Saintess by the way.
　　"Gegod dot com: Saint Zhuxue.
　　
　　582、Munan boy: I wrote this, Teacher Ge, what do you think?
　　"Ge Shen: Yes, full of savior feelings.
　　"" Munan Boy: So are you not?
　　Your ideal.
　　Your pursuit.
　　Are you still insisting now?
　　"Ge Shen: Persevere, domain name 20331126.xyz, try hard to date.
　　"" Munan Boy: Does your son also have this ideal?
　　"Ge Shen: Not really.
　　"Munan Boy: I wonder why so many people who are not related by blood have the same ideals.
　　The same beliefs.
　　It's amazing.
　　"Ge Shen: Mission.
　　""Munan boy: Just like your ideal when you were young, I accidentally saw the same as mine.
　　And the plans are similar.
　　"Ge Shen: Ge Yimin 20:42:00
　　Five steps to unify the world when I was 15 years old: Peking University, going abroad, Nobel Prize in Literature, associations, unifying the world
　　Song Yimin 20:43:43
　　Now: Nanjing University, website (Ge Yimin Post Bar, Ge Yimin Community), Jing (Ge Yi Min Jing, Ge Hua Xun, CCP Declaration), Teaching (Ge Yi Min Education, CCP League), Unified World
　　What are your plans?
　　""Munan boy: almost like you
　　Shanghai Tsinghua University
　　Then go abroad
　　Unify the world you are still young
　　"Ge Shen: Tell me more about it, and what else?
　　""Munan Boy: I used to think so
　　"Ge Shen: I have 2 more
　　Nobel Prize in Literature, Society
　　""Munan Boy: I want to win the Nobel Prize too
　　And clubs
　　"Ge Shen: exactly the same
　　""Munan Boy: But I don¨t have what you are now
　　I'm about 15's like you
　　Exactly the same
　　But now I have not achieved it
　　〃Ge Shen: Nanjing University: Realized
　　Unifying the world: the future
　　Now it is: the gods, ＾wordofgod￣s, gods.
　　You are young
　　〃〃Munan Boy: Right
　　Do you still want to unify the world?
　　I still think about the tiles on the map of the world
　　"Ge Shen: 20331126
　　""Munan Boy: This set of numbers is
　　"Ge Shen: World Harmony, Communism
　　November 26, 2033
　　""Munan Boy: Others treat me as crazy
　　I said I want to unify the world
　　I feel so nervous
　　"Ge Shen: Yes, geniuses are like this
　　"" Munan Boy: Did you have it when you were a kid?
　　"Ge Shen: The same, but live like ordinary people, happier
　　""Munan Boy: Me too
　　But the ideals and beliefs in my mind do not allow
　　"Ge Shen: You are still young, and your studies are the focus
　　""Munan Boy: How did you get the date of uniting the world?
　　"Ge Shen: ＾wordofgod￣ One 29, 20131126 Different Dreams: 20 years later (2033) the demise of the party. In a harmonious communist society, mankind¨s peaceful and mutually-aid management no longer needs an exclusive party.
　　""Munan Boy: I mean this is a book you dreamed of or written by yourself
　　How to get the date
　　"Ge Shen: Dreams of 20131126.
　　
　　583. Ge Badyimin: The evidence is conclusive and well-founded!
　　"Bao Zhishan: What is your relationship with Yi Minge."
　　How many people are listening to you now?
　　One hundred thousand is too small, so it can be one billion.
　　〃〃Zhuxue and Taxue: The saint is a feather, the four of you are too energetic. I want Michael to send you to hell for two days of experience. It¨s too annoying. God won't let me use his avatar anymore.
　　"Gegod dot com: You use Ge Shen's head, and Ge Shen is too happy to be happy.
　　The Four ＾wordofgod￣ Saints, one short, isn't it you?
　　"" Pingyang Wu: Don't do so much, don't do so much, make trouble and make trouble.
　　The Xiaoyao teacher is already waiting outside.
　　Get ready, get ready.
　　"Gegod dot com: 20331126 Ge Datong.
　　
　　584, Zhuxue and Taxue: These are the knowledge that Ge Shen imparted to me.
　　Reply Postba user_QtZPC86: Right! I helped you and the colonel make a duel with Ge Shen, it¨s time to see Qinglong, Suzaku and
　　Ge Shen who is more genuine in the end.
　　"Gehua: Gehua came out of the country from generation to generation, each leading the way for several months. ！CTo the total length of bamboo snow.
　　""Zhuxue and Taxue: Only God Ge, only the ＾wordofgod￣s believe in God Ge, and you will live forever.
　　"Hong Huang Yeren o0: There are pictures and truth, spoofing pictures of Ge Christ.
　　"The four are all empty 877: True God, Maitreya Buddha, Zhenwu Shengjun, Ge Hua.
　　"Ignore Lou Zhu: Ge leftover people.
　　〃〃Tieba user_aSyU792: The original poster, spreading this virus is very dangerous
　　Don't spoof things related to religion
　　Will die miserably.
　　"Hong Huang Yeren o0: Get out!
　　To post photos online, you must accept being spoofed. Xiaobai who only went online today?
　　〃〃Tieba user_aSyU792: Making viruses and spreading viruses are the same.
　　"Ninja storytelling: Oli to God.
　　"" Hong Huang Yeren o0: There are pictures and the truth.
　　"Pingyang Wu: It's so interesting. You guys are so interesting.
　　"" Soul 374: According to the three religious saints living together, there may be three people, one of them is a woman, called a saint, they
　　There is no love relationship between them, which may exist because of the suppression of some evil spirits.
　　"Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: It is said that they are one person, Ge Shen.
　　"" Ge Hua: Saint Zhuxue, which title do you like? Chief Zhu Xue? Apostle Zhuxue? Prophet Bamboo Snow?
　　The fourth saint Zhu Xue.
　　〃Zhuxue and Taxue: Yes, Ge Shen has praised me a lot because of my outstanding performance, although I am not like Ge Shen.
　　With the soul of Zi Sheng, my soul is ordinary and small, but I try to help Ge Sheng teach, which is a kind of cultivation.
　　What do you do if you like the identity of Ge Hua, you should be dedicated to Ge Shen.
　　"" Ge Hua: That Ge Hua always grows bamboo and snow.
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: I'm going to print some flyers for Ge Shen later, go to preach during the New Year, and pull some Ge flowers.
　　"" Gehua: the total length of one hundred thousand Gehua.
　　
　　585, the 100th detective: It's useless to believe in Geshen.
　　"Dodder Miaomiao: Don't dig a grave post.
　　""Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: Don't speak ill of Ge Shen.
　　"Tutu Miaomiao: Especially when I look at this person, it's not pleasing to my eyes!"
　　Fooling for foreigners? Is there no god in China? What are you thinking about?
　　"Detective No. 100: The Saint of Fortune always plays the role of a harlequin.
　　Take apart the Ge character.
　　"Hong Huang Yeren o0: They are a group of mental illnesses, why do you care about them?
　　"" Dodder Miaomiao: Reply Zhuxue and Taxue: Are you funny? I have never seen a God without you knowing! If you are writing a novel, go to the special novel post! Don't leave it here! Let people see jokes! Remember what you said, and remember to kneel to meet your ancestors after death! There is no regret medicine in the world! I don't want to talk to you, please don't show up in my sight!
　　I thank you family! I¨m talking to a friend, please understand how to clamp the ritual clip, there is you.
　　Reply Hong Huangyeren o0: He was also the one who stumbled under my post last night, I think he is not pleasing to the eye!
　　People don¨t offend me, I don¨t offend people.
　　〃Zhuxue and Taxue: Oh, I read it wrong, and thought it was telling me. Are you chatting under my post and telling me to go further? ?
　　"Detective No. 100: Life is as splendid as Gehua.
　　"Tutu Miaomiao: What's the matter with you? If you open a post and don¨t allow anyone to reply, it will be over if you delete it. How convenient!
　　Use your little hands! Not tired!
　　I still have an idea. Would you like to put a line below the title of each post, "Only read, no reply"? We promise to treat you as nothing, okay?
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: They turned out to be scholars, don't jump around with me, I don't know you, don't disturb me, Tutu has never been mine, don't bother me, get out.
　　"Tutu Miaomiao: What do you think you are?
　　"Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: First, I have never met the scholar, I just know her existence. Second: Because of the suspicion between her and the rabbit, I have experienced ten years of hell. Third: A vulgar fan like her is not in my eyes. Fourth: You are really shameless and shameless, either haunting me or trapped me, insisting on not being ashamed.
　　"Tutu Miaomiao: Who is the scholar?" do not know! I'm me, I'm all alone! Don't know nonsense!
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: I am the one who slays you evil red dragons and can make the presidents of the world bow down. And you are just little flies.
　　"Tutu Miaomiao: Also, what is this? Would you go back to the homepage to see? I'm afraid it's you who should go? ! Go back to your place of origin and promote your jdj!
　　Dreaming in broad daylight! Sorry, I shouldn't care about neurosis in general! I'm gone...go out! What the hell
　　Ah this is! Really bad luck, I need twelve medicines to cleanse the body! Sure enough, the gentleman has done something! Hey~ It's a pity, sad!
　　""Detective 100: Reply Zhu Xue and Ta Xue:. . . . . . . Not great.
　　〃Zhuxue and Taxue: Reply sasas-: Why do you use our Geshen's avatar.
　　〃〃Sasas-: The real gehua is the one with the head of the god Ge.
　　
　　586. Painter Huang Feihong: The gods are responsible for this
　　In recent years, all the bans of Shengba have been caused by Ge Shen.
　　"Gegod dot com: Ge Shenjiao.
　　"" Painter Huang Feihong: Ge Shen is great!
　　"Lao Tzu is your father VV: Why do you say that, Lao Ge is so good? ? ?
　　"" Schoolboy Wen Ayanzhou: Ge Shen is also what you can say?
　　"Gegod dot com: Only Ge Shen.
　　"" Pingyang Wu: Don't you think it's a waste of time? Time is up, no one can run away.
　　"Gegod dot com: Ge Shen creates everything.
　　"The true saint does not boast: Whose head is this dog? Also worthy of showing ugliness on this.
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: Only Ge Shen, only ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　""Gegod dot com: Creator.
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: Of course it has nothing to do with me. The saint is already full, and the four are all here. There is no place for me anymore.
　　""Gegod dot com: You are the fourth saint.
　　"Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: Yes, Ge Shen is the largest in the world, and the world revolves around Ge Shen.
　　""Gegod dot com: the origin and destination of the world.
　　"Pingyang Wu: Isn't it just worshipping God? It's just a little sect, and I want to play a fart.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: No! ! ! Geshen God teaches Geshen the greatest.
　　Only Ge Shen.
　　Yes, only Geshen, only ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　Ge Shen is about to rule the world and the universe.
　　"Pingyang Wu: Wait until you first unify Christianity.
　　〃〃Gegod dot com: 20331126
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: No, we must praise God Geshen, don't praise it wrong.
　　""Gegod dot com: The chief is always healthy.
　　〃Zhuxue and Taxue: It¨s impossible for me to be the second saint for you. Ordinary people will die easily if they are saints. It¨s better for me to be a happy Gehua. Under the blessing of Geshen, maybe when I am qualified to be a saint. But now I still need to practice.
　　I think Qinglong and Baihu are learning from each other's experience. You learn from me and I learn from you. They learn from each other's experience in rectification. The situation of the colonel may become more and more passive.
　　
　　587、Take carelessly with a sword: Master Gua look at this Gua, I always hear about God of Songs, Ge is also sensitive
　　Zhan asked: Is Zi Sheng's surname Ge?
　　"Yu Xiansen: Collect this hexagram to see that the surname Ge is not only related but should be of the same origin.
　　The surname Ge can be traced back to Boyi in the Xia, Shang and Zhou dynasties. Boyi's descendants have surnames, all of which are pre-Qin surnames.
　　"" Holding a sword and stepping on a happy journey: What does it mean that the same clan has the same origin?
　　It really matters, no wonder it's his favorite dance.
　　"Yi Xiansen: They are all descendants of Boyi.
　　""Star Soul nwu: Ge Sheng.
　　"Gegod dot com: Two hands in the sky, two feet on the ground --- Ge.
　　
　　588, Zhuxue and Taxue?: Join us now, Gehua will give ten eggs??
　　First come first served.
　　I am Geshen¨s apprentice, and you can call me Ge Hua.
　　It's useless to tell me, you should tell God Ge, I can help you convey it to God Ge.
　　you? Restore memory? Do you want to be the second God Ge?
　　It doesn't matter, you go to Shanghai to worship God Ge as a teacher, remember to say Ge Hua recommended.
　　"Yuan Yijiao: Hurry up and report this cult gathering 12358
　　"" Ge Bad Yimin: You are Ge * Min III.
　　〃Zhuxue and Taxue: No! I'm just Ge Hua.
　　""Gegod dot com: Chief, he is the second life, you are the third life, very good.
　　
　　589、Zhuxue and Taxue: One of them
　　Is Ge Shen so famous now? Hahaha, let's take a look.
　　"The Way of Heaven is the Boss: My Lord judges you for unlimited torture and will never forgive you.
　　〃〃Ge Hua: Ge IS GOD
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: True purple is Geshen, only Geshen, only ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　〃〃Blackening and whitewashing: Ge***shen, get out.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Shen is the greatest.
　　"" 1838253446: Ge Shen.
　　"Take Xiaoyao with a sword: .... I tested this because I heard about the god Shige.
　　"" Ge Hua: Ge is a holy, but also a god.
　　〃Postba user_aXtDPVK: Has the host¨s gambling debt paid off? Did Ge Shen help you pay it off?
　　""Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: Yes, I am helping Ge Shen to work and die.
　　
　　590. XEQZGFRUMLK: The bar master group is anti-national socialism
　　Cultist gang. There are hype criminals everywhere preaching incitement to crime, claiming to have formed a Gejun 100,000. Uniformly disseminate the set of prisoners in reform-through-labor, uniform computers, uniform locations, uniform books, and uniform copies of uniform file packages.
　　Request that the main group be shot as soon as possible. Compensation for mental losses.
　　〃Zhuxue and Taxue: It is necessary to inherit the fine tradition of Ge Shen and carry forward the spirit of Ge Shen. Only Ge Shen and only ＾wordofgod￣s
　　! Believe in God Ge, get eternal life! ! Geshen is the only one who saves people from disasters!
　　But how can so many dads accompany them in the future, build them a super luxury palace, let them live in it after retirement
　　, It¨s so good to let them brag and play mahjong together. As for me, I like to go
　　There are too many places, I may run away and you can't even find my shadow. I am the wind, and the wind only has the direction of the wind but it will not stay.
　　〃〃Finalseer: Can I use the left and right hands of the cut spirit to take a look at the Ge Hua and us.
　　Seen into the bone marrow. . . .
　　"Ge Hua: Who is Gueling?
　　〃〃Finalseer: Sihan among your fans.
　　
　　591. Zhuxue and Taxue: God is the only one, only God Ge
　　Those two of you who can't write a book are useless, it must be God Ge.
　　""Ge Hua: Hello, who is the Si Han?
　　〃Finalseer: the one in your profile picture.
　　""Gegod dot com: That is Ge Shen himself.
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: Yes! ! I cannot be ashamed of him.
　　"" Ge Hua: Yes, protect God Ge.
　　"Soloman 13b: Is it your own person or your fan who said to report me on Twitter."
　　""Ge Shen: I am not interested.
　　"Ge Yimin (50914333): These days Sanshi is the first author of ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"" Doctor Bao: Who of you believes in GeYiMin.
　　"Nv Xianer: We all believe.
　　"Xu Jing: I love Ge Shen.
　　Ge Shen, what a da.
　　Ge Shen is so handsome and I love him so much.
　　"183992605: Ge Shen I appreciate your thoughts very much.
　　"" Second World: Ge Shen's supernatural power is to save the world.
　　The effect of becoming a god is to improve people's lives.
　　From here, GeYiMin has become a god.
　　"Spider (980946319): I think Ge Kami's supernatural power is the new crown.
　　"" II (1432676760): Ge Shen's supernatural power is Biden, he has the conservative Trump, and promotes Ge Shen's progressive left-wing values.
　　"Spider (980946319): Ge Kami has killed Trump and promoted Ge Kami's progress (?) Left-wing values.
　　"" The Second (1432676760): He is a conservative and supports trade against China
　　Ge Shen believes that more gender equality and free trade should be promoted.
　　"Spider (980946319): Anyone who opposes Kami gets the new crown.
　　It is recommended that the new crown be renamed Ge Wen to highlight the power of Ge Kami.
　　
　　592. Alone 13b: That seems to be made by your fans,,,
　　〃Zym347601286zy: Ge is not a god, but a ghost. I asked him what the standard of a saint was. He said it was power and money, which was stupid and ignorant.
　　""Zhuxue and Taxue: Isn't he right? In my eyes, Ge Shen's breath is a fairy spirit.
　　〃Zym347601286zy: Do you think that his fart smells of perfume, money makes people¨s desires inflated and people¨s minds degenerate, Zhuge Wuhou¨s saying is very clear, it¨s not indifferent to clarify ambition, nor tranquil to go far ,,,,,.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Persist in maintaining God Ge.
　　"Ge Hua: There are thousands of saints, and there is only one Ge Shen.
　　
　　593, Fujiwara Han Hong: Power comes from Ge Yimin (confirmed)
　　"Ge Hua E: The saint has long been killed by Ge Shen.
　　〃〃Tieba user_aZ81R3Q: Ga Shen is amazing.
　　"Gegod dot com: 20331126 Ge Shen came out.
　　"" Zhuanxu's hometown sage: You dog will undoubtedly be dead for a few days!
　　"Zym347601286zy: I agree with you.
　　"Gegod dot com: 20331126 Ge Shen Wang.
　　"" sasas-: Ge Shen 20331126 immortality.
　　"Ge Hua E: Only Ge Shen is a saint.
　　"" Song of q594141840: A joke.
　　〃Sasas-: GEGOD
　　
　　594. Think about the small kitchen: His theory has not yet formed.
　　"Gegod dot com: 700,000 words for ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　""Thinking of the small kitchen: the saint, as the guiding spirit, must promote the progress of science and philosophy.
　　"Gegod dot com: Ge Shen social sciences, religious beliefs.
　　Base total.
　　"" I am the Almighty Wisdom Eye: The demons judge and cut off foreigners. . . .
　　"Gegod dot com: the other way around.
　　"" I am the Almighty Wisdom Eye: You little monster is very clever. . . .
　　"Gegod dot com: Ge Hua, so I am!
　　"" I am the Almighty Wisdom Eye: Are you afraid of the Buddha? ? ? ?
　　"Gegod dot com: I am three stories taller than Buddha.
　　"" I am Almighty Wisdom Eye: You are arrogant. . . .
　　"Gegod dot com: I am a god.
　　"" Datong's Sorrow: Ge Shen: I am enough, you go.
　　"Gegod dot com: Only Ge Shen.
　　
　　595. Zhuxue and Taxue: Suzaku, are you going to die? ? ?
　　Does Gabriel indulge you so much? ? ? Do you dare to oppose the Lord? ? ? Do you know that God Ge is sacred and inviolable? ? From now on, say "Believe in God Ge, get eternal life!" ten times a day.
　　"XEQZGFRUMLK: You inciting criminal gang, you Jews are really bad, spreading statutory fabricated cultism and anti-socialism.
　　Your gang has entered a mutual harm mode, deceiving each other, using each other, concealing each other, reporting each other, spreading crimes, undermining socialism, using others mercilessly, and pushing your accomplices into pits when caught. .
　　""Gegod dot com: Ding Ding Ge Tie.
　　"XEQZGFRUMLK: You guys spread anti-socialist cults published in Hong Kong, spread crimes, and clamor for gun ownership. How much damage are you going to do in China?
　　""Gegod dot com: Take you into the world of Datong.
　　"Geflower: Although you used GeYiMin's name. But you don't seem to be his official trumpet.
　　""Ge Shen: I am the official tuba.
　　"Sage of Zhuanxu's hometown: He is dying! It's that simple to tell you.
　　〃〃Sasas-: Blasphemy you go to death.
　　"Sage in Zhuanxu's Hometown: You are also worthy of being a god?" The demons and demons dare to make an axe in front of me! how far! How far away!
　　"" sasas-: blasphemy, the highest death penalty, please know.
　　"Gegod dot com: Only Ge Shen.
　　〃〃User 5843782995: Cult waste.
　　"Anonymous: What magical thing came from tno? Immediately send Burgundy to make fried chicken!
　　
　　596, GeYiMin's ＾wordofgod￣s have been registered in the Hong Kong Government Gazette "Hong Kong Printed Books Catalog"
　　From: bro bro@lcsd.gov.hk
　　Recipient: Ge Yimin 50914333@qq.com
　　(39) in LCSD S LIB BRO / 1-70 / 1 IX
　　ladies and gentlemenU
　　Thank you for inquiring about the e-mails about book registration on February 10.
　　Members of the public who wish to inquire about the registration records of books published, printed or produced in Hong Kong can browse the "Hong Kong Printed Books Directory" published in the Special Supplement No. 4 of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government Gazette. The printed version of the catalog is stored in the Reference Department of the Hong Kong Central Library for the public to read in the library. The electronic version of the catalog can be found in the "Announcement No. 4 Supplement" on the "Government Logistics Department" website: Please follow the steps below to find relevant information in the electronic version of the catalog:
　　The electronic version of the Arrival Directory is at: https://www.gld.gov.hk/egazette/tc_chi/search_gazette/search_supp4.html
　　i. Select the year and volume number, for example: 2015 Volume 019
　　ii. Enter the title keywords, for example: books
　　iii. Press the "Search" button to reach the page of the Gazette published in that year
　　iv. Click on the link of the "Hong Kong Printed Books Directory" of the issue,
　　For example, looking for "2014 Third Quarter Hong Kong Printed Books Catalogue", select the year and volume number: 2015 Volume 019
　　Click the link to the Gazette published on Friday, September 25, 2015, Volume 19, Issue 39
　　https://www.gld.gov.hk/egazette/pdf/20151939/cs42015193957.pdf
　　When you reach the page of the "Hong Kong Printed Books Catalog" of the issue, press the Ctrl and F keys at the same time
　　In the "Find" dialog box, enter keywords such as book title, author or ISBN number, for example: 978-988-13762-1-3 or Four Seasons Publishing Co., Ltd.
　　Continue to press "Next" button to query
　　According to the "Books Registration Ordinance" (Chapter 142 of the Laws of Hong Kong), the publisher of any new book must publish 5 books within 1 month after the book is published, printed, produced or otherwise produced in Hong Kong. , Send it to the Book Registration Group (referred to as "this group") for registration free of charge. Generally speaking, publishing houses need to submit two copies of the book registration form when registering books. After the registration is successful, the team will send a copy of the registration form back to the publishing house for record. If necessary, please contact the publisher directly.
　　If you have any enquiries, please contact Ms. Guan at 2180 9146. Thank you for your attention to the services of this group.
　　Director of Leisure and Cultural Services
　　(Rong Taohuan)
　　
　　597. Henry Wei: Not all people in the Cultural Revolution were bad, and there are no people who are not bad now.
　　"Ge Shen: People nowadays only care about their own small interests.
　　"Manevil: No capitalism, moral education is needed.
　　"Ge Shen: We need the faith of the whole world.
　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: To follow the capture situation tomorrow.
　　Actually clamoring that they are not afraid of being caught by the Chinese police.
　　How many guns do you have? Why curse the chairman.
　　"Gegod dot com: American asylum.
　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Okay. You admit it today and arrest it tomorrow.
　　Screenshots have been saved.
　　Call the Zhenjiang Public Security Bureau tomorrow.
　　Call the spy reactionary phone immediately to report.
　　Has gotten through. Wait to send all the information to the other party's mailbox??
　　"Gegod dot com: The highest death penalty for blasphemy, please know.
　　"" XEQZGFRUMLK: Appeal: This group has admitted that it was sent by the United States. Everyone who sees a patriot, a justice person, and a love person must report this group that specializes in reactionary sabotage on the Chinese Internet. One more person has more power. The above is the evidence I have taken a screenshot. Dial 12339 or 110 for the spy report of anti-hostile forces.
　　I will send all the evidence of your gang and backstage screenshots to each department of the Party Central Committee, to the U.S. Embassy, ??and to the Jewish Embassy.
　　"Gegod dot com: What is your BB, see if your reply is still there? Nobody, the Baidu administrator deleted your dog.
　　
　　598、Gegod: Ge Ziwei
　　"A man like Feng: That person is a fake, you can ask Zhengyi or Wutaishan who is really capable to determine.
　　"" This heart is bright: also a good purple substitute. Work very hard without expecting anything in return. It's hard work.
　　"A man like Feng: Is it true or not? I want to know how confident you are when you say this? The magnetic field is stunned, and sometimes I see you telling you the truth. I really think he is you. Do you know why the country issued a civil code in 2020? Do you think Ge is his experience? Or did he feel bleak after doing the purple substitute? Do you think that Allah sees him through?
　　"" This heart is bright: It seems that your understanding is really a bit that. I just said that Pueraria lobata is just a good purple substitute. Every purple replacement is not easy. If you do it wholeheartedly and don't need salary, you still face the risk of schizophrenia. Not easy.
　　"A man like Feng: The way of man determines his disease? You think right?
　　〃〃Finalseer: cut Yimin, cut the mouth first, then cut the chicken.
　　"XEQZGFRUMLK: Already cited.
　　It is hoped that either arrests or all of them will be included in the hazard monitoring list. All gangs are three generations of scum.
　　You use a unified personal design, a unified website, a unified book, a unified file package, and a unified language. The conviction is about the evidence chain. How can it be that you can hide your ears and evade the bell if you are afraid.
　　
　　599、Hey, I'm here!
　　Ge Shen replaced him.
　　"Song of q594141840: I just dug a hole in advance for myself, and half of it fell into the soil.
　　〃〃Qing difficult: Ge Sheng is the most cowhide. For so many years, he has been persistently being a saint, pointing out the direction for the vast beings.
　　"Binghuoqingmu4: I often see him.
　　"" GoodDayHello: I guess he can't stand it in one day.
　　"Taxue Wuhenha: Hahaha?? That is, just give a death test and let him answer hahaha??
　　"Gegod dot com: 700,000 words for ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"Zym347601286zy: You rubbish, you became the master of the saint bar, and you also proclaimed yourself a saint. You have no devotion, no merit, but you are proud of yourself. It's really shameless.
　　"Gegod dot com: The Four ＾wordofgod￣ Saints.
　　"" XEQZGFRUMLK: Ge Hei? Spreading cult superstition and poisoning me for many years, how can you escape this crime?
　　Over the years, your gang has been poisoning me by spreading cult superstitions for many years.
　　Don't reply to me again, don't bother to talk to you anymore, and enjoy the scum life.
　　〃Gegoddotcom: How many gospels has Gehua preached to you for free?
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: I will not be able to preach for that in the future. Maybe Tieba lists me as a cult.
　　
　　600、Keep Ge Hei (Internal Fight)
　　In September 2017, Ge Hei in my group confessed to report the real household registration and password of Geshen Coin, and then he retreated.
　　In October 18th, Ge Hei Coin broke out in conflict with Ge Hei's interpretation of Geshen's credentials, which lasted for three years until the two completely disappeared.
　　In June 19, Ge Shen publicly pursued a certain rice, and certain rice quickly admitted that he was just holding a certain coin.
　　One day in the spring of 20 years, Ge Hei Coin publicly used simple search methods to find information about Ge Shen's family and sold it to Yunsheng for 50 yuan, but it was later released for free, causing Bai Yunsheng to be deceived and go crazy.
　　In April 20th, Yunsheng and the other Ge Hei tore their faces and began to bluff and deceive, extorting 50,000 yuan everywhere.
　　In October 20, a certain coin publicly stated that the other Ge Hei were mentally ill, and then Li reconciled with Ge Shen, Ge Hei Interpretation (114514 trumpets) consciously lost to Ge Shen, and never had Ge Hei anymore. .
　　
　　601. Li Junan: With your praise, Lao Ge has been able to show off for half a year.
　　"Ge Hua A: In modern China, because the welfare food of the industrial revolution is enough, it certainly does not need to eat human flesh, after all, human flesh is not easy to eat. But you can report to each other by eating human blood buns on the Internet, such as Ge Shen, who was inexplicably reported maliciously several times.
　　Ge Shen, who graduated from the Chinese Department of Nantah University, also made a mistake. It seems that he is old. I think about Ge Shen's https://gegod.com/wx.html back then. Now I don¨t know how much I can¨t get back.
　　""Oct: I want to know if you really created a teaching, and there are followers? I have seen such remarks on Post Bar many times before, "<＾wordofgod￣> I am a god, you have to listen to him (referring to Ge Yimin)"... and they are all self-contained posts, rarely being commented, and even if there are any, they do not reply.
　　What do you think about this content and the person who posted it (if not your trumpet)?
　　"Ge Hua A: Ge Shen's fans mainly gather on Tieba and QQ. The total number of fans is 100, with 1,000 at its peak.
　　"" Stephen: Looking at your classmate's guestbook, you can imagine that you are a serious, honest and funny person. If you can write more realistic articles and less ridiculous things, I think you can focus on some of the social scenes, customs and customs of the 80s and 90s. The people on this forum are relatively young! So that everyone can learn from another It¨s great to understand the past from a perspective. Personal little suggestions.
　　"Ge Hua A: Ge Shen said it before, and then it was reported by others.
　　"Ge Shen: It really created the cult of the gods, it is the sofa teaching, one sofa can sit all the believers.
　　＾wordofgod￣ XI 94. Because we think GeYiMin's big vision "I am God, you have to listen to him (GeYiMin)." To let the world know, so Ge ??Hua strives to preach on the Internet. GeYiMin gospel, the gospel of the Internet age.
　　I want to build a world of Datong, 20331126.
　　
　　602. I do it myself. 5 4: The final summary report is written by God Ge.
　　Read ＾wordofgod￣ now.
　　"Ge Badiyimin: Bai Yunsheng is lying again, do you swear by saying that you can curse the god of death Ge?"
　　""1871: Share the proletarian divine comedy in my heart.
　　"Gegod dot com: "The Golden Mountain of Zhenjiang"
　　"Ge Flower"
　　""1871: I can't find the songs you posted.
　　〃Gegod dot com: http://www.gegod.com/rj/sjzhm.mp3
　　
　　603. White Crystal Jade: How come the garbage cult psychopaths began to attack me?
　　All ten days are cyclically blocked.
　　The archways of Ge Neuropathy may be closely related to those hypocritical archways.
　　The kudzu neuropathy is just a superficial shell, and the shells in the back are those of people who don't say that kudzu neuropathy is actually kudzu neuropathy.
　　What does it mean to delete continuously by the system? coincidence? shelter? Is there a ghost inside? Take people's money and people to eliminate disasters? Embarrassed? Or are you just a group?
　　Sure enough, there are so many people, bullying people
　　It seems that they will bully others, so it's not an exaggeration to say that they are hypocritical.
　　There used to be an exposing post about Ge's trash gang, which was deleted by them using conspiracy and tricks. They also chatted with me a bunch of nonsense, doing things that knew not to do, and wanted to cover up and deceive fools? !
　　When that post was posted, the system had been helping Ge trash.
　　A set of fake serious ＾wordofgod￣s in front of you. Secretly, the hypocritical large archway never mentions Ge trash. In fact, Ge trash wipes their buttocks to support them whenever something happens. The same shameless, shameless dog skin plaster sticks around and entangles everywhere.
　　There is no shame.
　　What a coincidence?
　　Just a few days after these two posts were inexplicably read, nine hundred people read them.
　　Otherwise, my place is very deserted. I usually only read dozens of books for a few years, and I read about a hundred more, and only a few thousand are recommended for some individuals.
　　They are a gang, right? They have no skin, no face, no shame or embarrassment, and this gang is almost a thousand people.
　　
　　604. Kovatro Xia: How do you rank the comprehensive appearance, ability, and ability of several major Internet philosophers?
　　Alone, Jiezi, Blue Fatty, Pretending to be Dead, Desperate, He Tianzun, Ge ＾wordofgod￣, Zhang Xingang, who is the strongest and who is the weakest?
　　〃Guo Boji, a friend of the elderly: Yang Fan is considered to be a dreadful temperament, a thin body and a thin body. Ge ＾wordofgod￣s also have good facial features when they are young. Neuropathy: Zhang Jie, Wang Keren's facial features are inferior, coupled with a perverted look, dark circles/abscesses on the face, it is already unsightly, what is the worst thing, not only ugly and insignificant, but also a disabled dwarf, his forehead has collapsed. One piece, not in the category of normal humans
　　〃〃SometimesNaive: Is it necessary for this kind of thing to exist?
　　"Ge Yimin: You do not believe in ＾wordofgod￣s, and refuse to die, we are very embarrassed.
　　"" Bolshevism: From the naming of "Nervous", we can know that it is the spokesperson of neurotic patients!!! Some people have to look at themselves while scolding Ge ＾wordofgod￣. In fact, Ge ＾wordofgod￣ also represents themselves, but One formed a group.
　　
　　605、The boundless sea of ??people: After all, the four great Internet philosophers are no better than the winner of life, Ge Yimin~
　　? Ge Yimin's book "Nervous" claims to have a crush on Xu Qian during his sophomore year in Jurong High School, and fell in love at first sight. Then when he arrived at Nanjing University, he began to interact with many female students. Ge Yimin particularly loved Han Qinfen, a Chinese medicine practitioner, and liked her gentleness and grace. Unfortunately, it is still a secret love, but this is GeYiMin's second true love. When Ge Yimin was studying at Nanjing University, he also learned go, bridge, and dancing. Many girls from outside the school came to the dormitory to look for Ge Yimin to play. In 1993, Ge Yimin and the Zhenjiang girl were married through an arranged marriage, so there is no emotional basis for each other, which is also reflected in the book "＾wordofgod￣s". Ge Yimin fell in love with the Sichuan girl Li Juan while working in the Zhenjiang branch of Xinhua News Agency. Ge Yimin claimed that this was his third true love, but then she said it was impossible to be together.
　　Ge Yimin also mentioned several of his saints in his own "＾wordofgod￣s" vision book, and marrying saints in a dream during 2020.
　　Ge Yimin likes yy Liu Yifei like Zhang Yunjie. Ge Yimin claimed to have dreamed of being with Liu Yifei on May 21, 2016, that is, Ge Yimin and Liu Yifei danced in the ballroom first, and then walked side by side to Nanyuan Road in the North Garden of Nanjing University and saved the phone. Number (high probability is the original post on Weibo). Even Ai Te Liu Yifei's Weibo account, and Ge Yimin advocated the saint Liu Yifei in his personal post bar, which is exactly the same as Zhang Yunjie, suggesting that Ge Zhu collided with Jie Gou under qqqxx.
　　〃Who doesn¨t have a trumpet now: Cao, why do you want to verify him? I really treat him as a key political and Internet philosopher (whether he is 24 in the end)
　　"Flaming Fox: Obviously you can open the harem but become a net philosopher, maybe this is just a pursuit.
　　"Lapis_YSJ: Are there any more current Internet philosophers than him (sad)?
　　"A girl with eight meanings Yonglin: Obviously you can rely on academic qualifications to eat.
　　〃Lapis_YSJ: When the gym was young, the appearance was not low.
　　"Schlachtkreuzer: Thirty years ago, when I was in college, Wangzhe could go out to play on the weekends, but I had to face closure of the school (sad).
　　"Fu Donghuang: Why does Wangzhe like Liu Yifei."
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: It seems that only Ge Yimin and Zhang Yunjie like Liu Yifei.
　　"The threatened witch: Ge Shen is actually from Nanjing University, Nan Wu San,,,
　　
　　606, the vast sea of ??people: This is the physical photo of Ge Yimin's book "＾wordofgod￣s"
　　There is a mysterious code of GeYiMin's self-attached ID card. I have to deal with it. I have to say that GeYiMin's old pond is exactly the same as Zhao Kexun.
　　In addition, the full text of GeYiMin's ＾wordofgod￣s is clearly available on the Internet, but GeYiMin wants to make a physical book for others to see in real life and some people can¨t access his personal website. However, there is actually an electronic version of ＾wordofgod￣s on the Internet, and There are still ten-digit sales, and there is a high probability that GeYiMin and GeZombie bought it by themselves.
　　"NetaAndGrass: G god network is unable to go up,,,
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: You can go to 20331126.xyz, the one from Geshen.com seems to be choked.
　　"White to office workers: grass.
　　""Geng Haoji: Did you even publish a book?
　　"The vast sea of ??people: It has been published in 14 years.
　　"" Kouji: As expected, everyone can publish books now.
　　〃SzMithrandir: Do you dare to imagine that this thing is also available on the Internet?
　　"" Kouji Kouji: It's not surprising to know that there are on the Internet.
　　"GlaDOS-3000: Christianity and Conmi,,,
　　""Okawa Yi official: The three big grasses, did he say it himself? Then he is really grateful that it was not so convenient back then (referring to door-to-door).
　　"The vast sea of ??people: Zhenjiang Internet police have been paying attention to him for a long time.
　　""Gangqin Corpse: (Unbelief, immortality, embarrassment) Well, if you don't agree, you have to die, so it's hard to disagree...Wait a moment, why don't you agree, you have to die in the end...
　　"The vast sea of ??people: By the way, the Internet philosopher who blew his ID card is not limited to Zhao Kexun. I remember other Internet philosophers Ge Yimin, Wang Keren, Zhang Xingang, and Zhang Jie have also done this behavior.
　　
　　607, the vast sea of ??people: think carefully about Ge Yimin is probably in the world of Internet philosophy
　　The attitude towards the opponents is the most gentle. GeYimin doesn¨t care about Ge Hei, and has always held the attitude of ＾Ge Hei is also Ge ??Hua￣, even thinking that this is popular, and he will be reconciled with these remarks against him. Collected in the netizen's comments in Chapter 27 of "Nerv", anyway, these words still have nothing to do with him, and they can't cause any real harm. Other Internet philosophers were either incompetent and furious in the face of his opponents, or they ordered something immediately. For example, Yang Fan selected as "barbarians" and "fake honey", Zhang Yunjie selected "Black Spray" and "Xiaoxiaozhi", Yu Zhicheng selected "Indigenous", "Dr. Soil", and "Fake Honey". "Onion" and "Porcelain", Lin Haoze immediately appointed opponents as "scum". Lin Haoze's behavior contrasted with Liu Ze's selection of opponents or unfamiliar things as "vulgar". He Wentao immediately appointed "Mad Dog" and put his ID name in the post and called it "Mad Dog List". Chen Weirong didn't need to pick up any vocabulary, and said directly that he "hacked you to death, died to death". Zheng Liang collectively referred to the opponents as "white-collar workers", which sounded like neutral words, but in a bullish language, it contained a curse. Zhang Xingang will directly issue unrealistic night butterfly certificates to his opponents, but then gradually even every new user who pays attention to the post bar targeted by Zhang Xingang will also issue night butterfly certificates, which is a waste of paper. As for Zhao Kexun... it is a profitable flying dance in itself, and plain fashion sells silly, so he is immune to voices that oppose him. Where is Wang Keren? I will explain it somehow in these days of Tieba, but I am probably mixed up with people like him on Facebook. Think carefully about what other web philosophers might really learn from GeYiMin.
　　Zhao Kexun himself also participated in the scolding of friends, so it is not as good as GeYiMin.
　　"Aoki Shenying_Gozarani: After all, he was a student of Nanjing University in the 1980s, and he himself was more idealistic.
　　〃〃Girl with eight meanings Yonglin: What a high degree of education,,,
　　"Fu Donghuang: A college student who ran off the track.
　　"" 検ついた欒屬: So academic qualifications are really important.
　　〃寔歪の匚のReimu: Old people don¨t fight or fight, but young people are so incompetent and furious,,,
　　"" SzMithrandir: Ge seems to be scolding, but it is not recorded in the ＾wordofgod￣s, as can be seen from the third reply No. 235 in the comments of the ＾wordofgod￣ netizens.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: remember that when God was still there, Ge Yimin would only repeat: "Dingtie dog, NMZL" when someone replies. And the swear word "CNM".
　　But it's just for the Ge family zombies.
　　
　　608, the vast sea of ??people: the most philosophical network.
　　1. The Internet philosopher born in the earliest year-Ge Yimin (1969)
　　2. The earliest Internet philosopher who was active on the Internet-Ge Yimin (2001)
　　3. Second only to GeYimin, the earliest Internet philosopher who was active on the Internet-human pen husband (2004)
　　4. The Internet philosopher who has played the most games-Zhang Xingang (3 times)
　　5. At the same time, the fastest and most miserable Internet philosopher-Zhao Kexun (discovered in 14 years and abandoned in 15 years)
　　6. The most conscientious, most unmotivated, best lazy, most disgusting, least self-aware, and most wishful thinking in the Internet philosopher world-Zhang Yunjie (I don¨t need to say more, right? )
　　7. The most influential Internet philosopher in the network environment-Yang Fan (because he is extremely cola, and is very aggressive and has a strong offensiveness, which leads to more or less understanding of the single person through Yimin 13)
　　8. The Internet philosopher who has been on TV the most-Lin Haoze (showed on brainstorming, Happy Rubik's Cube, It's You, News Night Banquet, etc.)
　　9. Yan Hong's most scared man-Ge Yimin
　　10. The Internet philosopher with the longest gnawing time！！Yu Zhicheng (Since dropping out of school in 2004, he has gnawed for at least 16 years. Even Zhang Yunjie, who has never done anything, has found a righteous career!)
　　11. A celebrity who has both a folk scientist and an internet philosopher-He Wentao
　　12. An Internet philosopher with two human faces-Chen Weirong (using Qian Haile's photo and Qian Haile's PS photo and pretending to be Qian Baosheng, and his appearance is also very different from that of the post-90s)
　　13. The most educated Internet philosopher！！Liu Zhongjing {West China University of Medical Sciences (Bachelor) Sichuan University (Master)}
　　14. Wang Keren, an Internet philosopher who has now returned to nothingness in the domestic Internet environment
　　Welcome to add and correct mistakes.
　　〃Photographer of Suture Villa: Guinness Book of Philosophy,,,
　　"" SzMithrandir: Nantah is obviously better than West China University of Medical Sciences.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: God seems to have just graduated from a bachelor's degree, while Aunt Liu graduated from a master's degree. I listed according to this standard.
　　
　　609, the vast sea of ??people: Talking about Ge Yimin's book "＾wordofgod￣s"
　　Is the Gehua in (the book as its name) real? If it is a real Gehua, it would be too scary. How could Ge xj flicker to some people? And according to the Gehua book described in the book, there are already 48 (including one born in 1994), but GeYimin himself claims to have no idea how many Gehua there are. Netizens say it is 100,000. Moreover, several of GeYiMin's praise songs were sung by Ge Hua, and GeYiMin compiled the lyrics for them to sing. There is also a GeYiMin singing video, but the so-called GeYiMin and GeYiMin's appearance in various periods are not right, so I guess this may be GeYiMin's son Ge Biao.
　　What else is Gehua? The ＾wordofgod￣ argument is "Ge Hua-GeYiMin's flower-GeYiMin's flowers and fruits."
　　And the reason for the name of the book "Nervous" is because there is a God's word in GeYimin's vision, which is called Jing, that is, the word of God.
　　"Handlebar: It's true and false, it's hard to tell whether it's true or false.
　　〃〃SzMithrandir: He was promoting Ge Biao¨s debut in the post bar, saying that he graduated from Jiangsu University of Science and Technology, but I checked it and found that Ge Biao was from Zhenjiang Technical College. In addition, Ge disappeared for two months last year and has an identity position. The account says Ge has entered the game, and I don¨t know if he actually entered or disappeared deliberately.
　　"The owner of the homo pavilion: Ge Yimin is in the district 2000m in front of my house.
　　〃〃Sky Disintegration: A Tour to the Holy Land (Big Boo)
　　"The vast sea of ??people: The world is really small.
　　"" SzMithrandir: I tell you this is fake, he even hangs up his female classmates.
　　"Qingmu Shenying_Gozarani: The Gao Baoling in the "Gehua" list was even the vice president of the U.S. National Foundation, and is currently the director of external affairs of the "Uighur Human Rights Project".
　　"" SzMithrandir: But some seem to be true believers, such as those who sing Zhenjiang Jinshan.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: Ge ＾wordofgod￣ is really unscrupulous.
　　"Magic Tea International: Such people still have admirers.
　　
　　610. The Boundless Sea of ??People: Nervous Some Contents Appeared in the English Version
　　1. Ge Hua, so I am! ！！Ge Hua, so I am!
　　2. Weeds cannot be burned out, and spring breeze blows and regenerates. ！！The weeds cannot be burned, and the spring breeze blows again.
　　3. ＾wordofgod￣ (Disease)-￣wordofgod￣ (Disease)
　　4. Contributor: ＾wordofgod￣ Ge Qinfu ！！ Contributor: ＾wordofgod￣ Ge Qinfu
　　5. Ge Shen mighty. ！！Ge Shen mighty.
　　6. The car is underpowered
　　7. It is too slippery, which is too slippery
　　8. Brother! You "Nervous". ！！Brother! You ＾Nervous￣.
　　〃Generally through the mirror image of Sparta 117: W E E D (unprovoked association).
　　""Skyrim Dissociation: Are these all netizens' comments?
　　"The vast sea of ??people: Yes, they are all in the comments of netizens. There is nothing interesting about the ＾wordofgod￣ text.
　　Mantra: He is God, you must listen to him. (Referring to GO God)
　　"" Izon_: Go woman said it was established.
　　"According to Pyrene: god is a girl
　　〃〃Handle: GO IS DUST
　　"The vast sea of ??people: there are some content that appeared in the English version of the ＾wordofgod￣s, the grass is dead
　　(Chinese)！！(English)！！(machine translation and direct translation into Chinese)
　　1. Shepherd Yunjie ！！ Shepherd Yunjie ！！ Shepherd Yunjie
　　2. Solo 13-Solo 13-Alone 13
　　3. His grandma¨s Ge liar！！his grandma¨s Ge liar.！！His grandma¨s Ge liar.！！His grandma¨s Ge liar.
　　The worst among the Four Flying Dances is probably Jiezi,,, ！！The worst among the Four Flying Dances is probably Jiezi,,,！！The worst among the Four Flying Dances is probably Jiezi,,,
　　5. Ge Shen has won,,,！！ Ge Shen has won ,,,,！！Ge Shen has won,,,,
　　6. Station B [Net Philosopher¨s Baby] ！！Station B [Net Philosopher¨s Baby] ！！Station B[利學繁右唄]
　　7. Ge Chi,,, ！！Ge Chi ,,, ！！Ge Chi,,,
　　8. The bull, Zheng Liang, angered the Ge dolphin！！‐What God is Ge. Hi you]. ！！Bull Zheng Liang screams Ge Duo-[Ge Ge God. You are this hi]. ！！Bull Zheng Liang screams and fights-‐Ge Ge God. You are this hi]
　　9. The bull ran into Ge Zhu. ！！ The bull collided with Ge pig. ！！ The bull collided with Ge pig.
　　10. The beautiful and strong bull-The beautiful and strong bull
　　"Handle: Cyber ??Great Zhe.
　　〃〃The vast crowd:? Some of the content that appeared in the English version of Neurology, this dynamic does not add this link of machine translation
　　1. A different kind of demonic civil war. ！！Another kind of konjac civil war.
　　2. Black fart-black fart
　　3. Ge holding,,,！！Ge holding,,,
　　4. Xuan Shen Yan Hong will not hesitate to paste the whole olive to prevent Ge Shen Qi Shi. ！！The sacred gods and reds do not hesitate to tidy up the whole olive to prevent Ge God from starting.
　　5. Real solitary 13！！Real solitary 13
　　6. Not much to talk about! ！！Not much to talk about!
　　7. Came out to beat
　　8. Hooligan shoes and wine are incomparable, Mortal Kombat is about to come true!
　　The bathhouse buddies clash, and obedience makes you super smooth!
　　！！
　　Rascal shoe wine matchless on, real person quick dozen want to realize!
　　The bathhouse buddy is in a rush, and obeying makes you super free!
　　9. The god of Internet philosophers, the four major Internet philosophers want to listen to him. ！！The god of network philosophy, four major network philosophy to listen to him.
　　10. Yes! it is good! ！！Right! Good!
　　
　　611、Why are you talking about Zheng Liang and GeYimin before?
　　Is the relationship actually worth investigating? Everyone knows that GeYiMin has always had a habit, that is, the whole network's evaluation of him is collected together, and integrated in the second seven chapters of "＾wordofgod￣" in the netizen comments. Therefore, there can even be found the influence of various Internet philosophers, which is extremely cola.
　　Therefore, the dynamic includes Zheng Liang's evaluation of Ge Yimin in the form of pictures.
　　Judging from the above text, Zheng Liangduo selected Ge Yimin as a "white-collar."
　　"Schlachtkreuzer: Ge what a god. Hi you.
　　"Lapis_YSJ: Dream co-acting.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: GeYimin's 00s photo problem, because it is not difficult to find that most of the photos are mainly in the 90s and 10s, and the 00s photos are almost impossible to find, the only thing that can be found is the 00s The photo of the period is GeYiMin's second-generation ID card, issued in 2004.
　　What's interesting is that Ge Yimin gave himself a skin name "Song Yimin" in the early days of online teaching. This phenomenon can still be seen on the previous history page of Shen.com (available in the Internet Archive).
　　""Schlachtkreuzer: Yemei, this weird skin bag is still in use now,,,
　　〃The vast sea of ??people: The copywriting of the Shenjiao navy robot has not been changed for several years, which is too foolish.
　　And Ye Xue.
　　
　　612, the vast sea of ??people: Let's discuss the future fate of the net philosophers.
　　GeYiMin, although his own xj may affect his daily life more or less, but GeYiMin still said that friends and family actually do not know about GeYiMin teaching this matter, so GeYiMin's daily life is still with others Indistinguishable, at present Ge Yimin's occupation is suspected to be the Chief Executive Officer of Zhenjiang Weilik Machinery Company, but it is said that this job was actually found by his parents.
　　It seems that some Internet philosophers were like normal people before they became "upgraders," but they went crazy for some reason.
　　Ge Yimin. He was a graduate of Nanjing University in the 1980s and even participated in that walk. It stands to reason that GeYiMin should have been able to eat with a high degree of education, but perhaps because he came into contact with Christianity by chance during college, and then had a dream in 2001, GeYiMin called it anointed as a god. In this way, a highly educated person with high spirits has become a self-proclaimed god. However, his self-publishing ＾wordofgod￣s are really not that many people buy it. It is said that only one copy of related products on Taobao has been sold in four years.
　　〃Skyrim Disintegration: The genius is on the left, the lunatic is on the right,,,
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: Carrying an elegant article written by a former Le Ge person. The original author is suspected of being a TV cook, and he is persevering in teaching and feeling.
　　original:
　　"To Ge Hei"
　　"SzMithrandir: Most of the existing Ge Le video articles seem to be made by TV chefs. Previously, Miyamoto Miyako's tutor once voted for a video with Ge elements that seemed to be made by TV chefs, but they were recently caught by Ge elements. Deleted, but I have a supplementary file here, and I will supplement it in a few days.
　　〃SzMithrandir: I tried to submit the result review and said: The content of your manuscript involves unsuitable orientation (juvenile subject), so it has not been reviewed. It is recommended that you replace other content for delivery. It is not a problem of a single time period. It was judged comprehensively based on the overall orientation of the manuscript. The reason could not pass the review.
　　〃〃The vast crowd: After all, it involves powder removal and the elements of kudzu. In fact, it is still more difficult to successfully send it out. Consider it if you think it is inappropriate for content processing. If it doesn't help, I can only give it a try.
　　Another is that GeYiMin itself is not too incompetent, Tang Ze Guiyang is always incompetent, so GeYiMin Tang Ze Guiyang said failure.
　　
　　613. The vast sea of ??people: I really don¨t know why "＾wordofgod￣" is still updating netizen comments.
　　And Zhihu, Tieba, Douban, and Twitter are all updating their ＾wordofgod￣s simultaneously. It should be the posting zombies when Ge Shen bought the navy, or Zhen Gehua.
　　In addition, Geshen.com is always collecting any deeds related to GeYimin, which will help others to investigate all aspects of it.
　　"Schlachtkreuzer: I really strongly recommend the English version of Neuroscience. In the comments of netizens, you can see the real translations of various Internet philosophers.
　　example:
　　Beautiful and strong bull
　　Creative holding,,,
　　Alone13,,,
　　"" Boundless sea of ??people: Ge Yimin is currently the administrative director of Zhenjiang Willick Machinery Company. (I don¨t know the specific year when I became it)
　　GeYiMin miscellaneous pictures, in fact, GeShen.com not only includes its beautiful photos in daily life, but also other related pictures, and the latter is dynamically included here.
　　It is embarrassing, I remember that a friend of GeYiMin and GeYiMin once climbed to the top of the learning teaching building together after the power outage, looking at the lightly lit Jurong City, at the same time DaoBao also admitted that GeYiMin played a role model in learning. University classmate Qi Liang said frankly: "I can't imagine what you will be like in ten years. I really hope that you will be magnetized on the street." Ten years later here may refer to the period from 1996 to 2000. But during 2001 GeYiMin had a different dream {God said: "I am a god, you have to believe in him (He refers to GeYiMin)}, from then on the road of no return... But GeYiMin later mentioned in "＾wordofgod￣s" in the creation of God In fact, others don't know about the things in real life, so even now GeYiMin may still be able to talk and laugh if he meets his former friends.
　　〃Hand: Ge's photos are all collective punishment stations, and there is no creative passion at all.
　　〃〃Little Thousand Travel: I was very thin when I was young,,,
　　
　　614, the vast sea of ??people: Ge Yimin's book "＾wordofgod￣s" has been carefully read word by word
　　It may be better to read "The Analects" instead of reading this shit,,,
　　"Izon_: It's a ＾wordofgod￣ (double meaning).
　　"Schlachtkreuzer: 20130105 Dream: I am Jesus. I accept disciples like Jesus. My disciples are weaker than Jesus' disciples, but they have made great achievements and become the entrepreneurial shoe king. ！！ May this dream of the king of shoes quickly become a reality！！ May the place where the sole of the foot steps on, put everyone on the gospel shoes of peace, become the song billion people！！ May the power of God be dry and weak The little lamb showed his completeness.
　　The reason for the success of Howell's footwear industry has been found (convinced).
　　Really finished reading,,,
　　"The vast sea of ??people: Of course, I feel that the first chapter of this broken book, dreams, etc., is the most grassy part of the article, the truth is that I am a god, and you have to listen to him (GeYimin). It is actually quite fun, the latter Netizens¨ comments were simply moved in bluntly, and most of them were scolded by him. It¨s really strange that this ragged thing can be sold,,,
　　"Schlachtkreuzer: There are a lot of interesting information in the autobiography of Dreams and Gods, just like the diaries of Gods on the Internet. I think the comments made by netizens are actually pretty cursive, and you can see all kinds of forces and Internet philosophers in there.
　　In addition, I strongly recommend the English version of Neurology again. Imagine how many possibilities can be created by the machine-turned-net philosophical language,,,
　　"The vast sea of ??people: AO, I'll delve into the English version of "＾wordofgod￣s" tomorrow when I have time.
　　〃〃Schlachtkreuzer: I personally think that only the part about the things that happened before his graduation can be read.
　　"Senior Nuts: Not to mention anything else, Ge Shen looked like a big man. At that time, many believers were definitely attracted by looks. Yun Jie's clown face is insignificant, and Kami is still Twitter now. High-intensity nervousness, on the other hand, Jiezi¨s YY novel made him play for almost 10 years.
　　"" Handle: Once upon a time, there was also a prosperous and prosperous life.
　　"Schlachtkreuzer: God is almost the first to come into contact with Christianity during college (I don't know which school it is). From graduating from university in 1990 to becoming a god in 2001, I don't know what wonderful and profound things have happened.
　　In addition, the motives of God's creation and teaching are also quite magical, and I have been unable to figure it out.
　　"" SzMithrandir: I guess it was caused by the severe beating by society and the changes at the turn of the 1990s.
　　"Koroji Kouji: It has a sense of age, and I don't see the potential of being a netizen (laughs).
　　〃〃SzMithrandir: Expanding the enrollment of the former Nanjing University, the score can be up to Qingbei, which is definitely different from other Internet philosophers.
　　Kouji Kouji: So that's it, I look quite knowledgeable.
　　"" SzMithrandir: I also participated in that walk. I was a progressive young man at that time.
　　"Koroji Kouji: Indeed, there were few college students who did not participate at that time.
　　
　　615. The vast sea of ??people: I have been idle recently, so I decided to read Ge Yimin.
　　"＾wordofgod￣s", I have to say that this thing is really a bunker, smelly, long and boring. . ==
　　But in order to study all aspects of GeYiMin, I can only continue to read it==
　　"Beast114514: Is this persistence?" up hello great,,,
　　〃〃Handle: Wei Chi,,,
　　"Schlachtkreuzer: Reading like,,,
　　There are some diaries of his high school and college on Shennet, which is a bit more fun than ＾wordofgod￣s,,,
　　The netizens¨ comments excerpted from the ＾wordofgod￣s are simply a history of the development of Lewang¨s philosophical behavior. As long as you look at it, you can discover the followers of all kinds of philosophers.
　　""Schlachtkreuzer: I suggest up to study the English version of ＾wordofgod￣s. It seems that the whole article is full of digestion machines, which is extremely grassy.
　　example:
　　the beautiful and strong bull
　　(Extremely beautiful and strong,,,)
　　Zheng bull bullies Ge pig!
　　(Zheng Niu beats Ge Zhu!)
　　Ge holding,,,
　　(Ge Chi,,,)
　　The beautiful and strong bull: Ge knows that it is a white-collar
　　Zhang yunjie reborn (堝旬壅伏!)
　　Single person 13,,,
　　It¨s really difficult to get the wording of this machine translation software that Ge Shen didn¨t know where it came from,,,
　　ge ＾wordofgod￣ is probably the best of all
　　cyber-philosophers
　　Internet philosopher
　　Net philosopher
　　Network philosopher
　　Online philosopher (too grassy,,,)
　　Cyber ??philosopher
　　Ge Shen opened several translation software at the same time!
　　"CNNNK あにき: It's a pity, I'm quite energetic, but my mind is the opposite.
　　""Fudohuang: Back then, he was also a high-spirited student.
　　〃Hands: To be barely considered a person,,,
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: an accidental discovery on GeYiMin's website, does GeYiMin himself know inm?
　　〃Schlachtkreuzer: The amount of information on God.net dwarfs the Chuangbi blog and Chuangbi, and it has great value for exploration and research.
　　In fact, there should be five of the four major Internet philosophers,,,
　　I thought God¨s boring remarks were wrong. Although God¨s decayed camel is bigger than a horse, it is indeed a living fossil of the Internet. I suggest that Internet philosophers excavate carefully!
　　This is the self-made and elegant creation of the god of music in the early years and was reproduced by the gods, after all, the gods are also unwilling to reject Ge Hei.
　　In the excerpts of up to 800 pages of comments from netizens in the ＾wordofgod￣s, you can even find Chuangmi,,,
　　After the post-bar cleaning, a lot of historical materials were lost, and the creation of God should be found from God himself.
　　"" Handle: Make a silver dream.
　　"Schlachtkreuzer: God's classmates once left a graduation message to God: I can't imagine what you will be like in ten years. I really hope I can magnetize you on the street then.
　　Sigh,,,
　　God¨s English seems to be not very good. According to God¨s diary, he was partial to liberal arts when he was in high school, but his English was not good. After going to college, he thought that British was very tormented, especially in English literature classes, and then he tried to improve his English. The diaries all start with Chinese and English, but they often confuse the verb conjugation (sorrow).
　　
　　616、The Boundless Sea of ??People: Ge Yimin's Birthday Question
　　GeYimin's ID card and its information show that it was January 26, 1969, but his book "＾wordofgod￣s" said that he was born in Jurong, Jiangsu on January 31, 1969, and I can only keep it in the dark for the time being.
　　GeYiMin god singing video problem, GeYiMin's self-edited song "Zhenjiang's Golden Mountain", let several Ge Hua sing and record it into a video. There is another issue that said GeYiMin god sang, but this so-called GeYiMin looks different from GeYiMin in various periods. My initial guess is GeYiMin's son Ge Biao, but listen carefully to the voices of the two singing. It's a bit different.
　　〃Survivor: GYM is GOD
　　"" Hand: The sword goes slant forward.
　　〃Airball_official: Being able to go to Nantah University was pretty good, but unfortunately the road behind was off the track.
　　""Fudowonghuang: Back then, high-achieving students with real talents actually took the road of xj, but it's a pity.
　　〃Schlachtkreuzer: Gods and the Shenjiao.com and public accounts are alive. Heavenly masters are really nihilistic, right. It seems that Heavenly Masters seem to be a little more successful than Gods. At least they have started companies, but Heavenly Masters are pyramid schemes and they are not the same way as Gods. number,,,
　　"" Boundless crowd: to be honest, Ge Yimin is still very good when he was young, but unfortunately years are a knife, and finally he looks like the creator of the same ending,,, the photo is on Google,,,
　　"Nuts Predecessor: Kami has the feeling of planting a native Xiushu.
　　"" Infinite White: When he was young, he was still like an ambitious young man (sad).
　　"Fu Donghuang: Handsome Xiaosheng.
　　〃〃Hands: I have been in high spirits once,,,
　　"HiddenStars: I found it.
　　""Schlachtkreuzer: Ge Shen was a soldier? ?
　　Which side was he when he was driving the chariot!
　　"SzMithrandir: Ge was married and had children when this photo was taken, and Ge was still in college when he was racing.
　　〃〃Schlachtkreuzer: What's the matter with this photo, the unit was selected by the reserve service?
　　Na Geshen may have been incorporated into the unit militia (mystery discovery?). I don¨t know now. In the past, the militia came from the unit and the community and organized into a small company-platoon-level organization. My dad has a friend. In the past, it was the unit¨s militia, responsible for attacking the old 37 antiaircraft artillery. Everyone said that his future task was to face Apache aerial assaults.
　　"SzMithrandir: I turned my ＾wordofgod￣s and found the reason for wearing the military uniform. It was because the song god his brother-in-law made a set of student uniforms, and his brother-in-law was from a military school.
　　""Schlachtkreuzer: I was wrong...
　　Now that people are outside, the ＾wordofgod￣ books are as the name suggests, and they really don¨t want to save them in the phone. Besides, how can they even write about this? Please ask for excerpts from the scriptures,,,
　　"SzMithrandir: Peony 20:41:17
　　Have you been a soldier
　　gym 20:41:29
　　No
　　Peony 20:41:45
　　How do you wear military uniform
　　gym 20:41:59
　　My brother-in-law made a cadet outfit, he was in military school.
　　
　　617, Schlachtkreuzer: I really don't know that Ge Shen bought the navy back then
　　How long did it take to buy it? After I posted it again two days ago, I found the Ge family zombie who posted last month.
　　"SzMithrandir: Songshen has a serious job, not cheating on the old.
　　""Online Gini: Ge (Harmony) Yi (Harmony) Min, he is an illegal character. Because he believes in a cult.
　　"Lapis_YSJ: I know Ge Shen.
　　""Online Gini: 1. gym (I am a god, you have to believe him).
　　〃Handles: 1 Liuxuan Garden.
　　"" Arsenic melon seeds: Picture one seems to have gone wrong?
　　
　　618、I'm a big fan of you.
　　GeYiMin, you are too strong, I believe that with you in this society, it will become better and better, I don't know how you will feel.
　　"" Ge Yimin: I want to realize the world of great harmony as soon as possible.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: mantra: believe in GeYiMin god will have eternal life and eternal happiness, you have to listen to him.
　　"" Brother Gu regrets the young master: If Ge does evil again. Beware of going to jail!
　　"Sky, Earth, Sun, Moon and Stars: Who is Ge?
　　"" Ge Hua: God.
　　Blasphemy.
　　"" Ge Hua: The common point is that they all expelled Ge Shen's Ji Gong Zuo Ji.
　　Read "＾wordofgod￣s" first, contemporary horses.
　　"Gong Li: Who is Ge Shen?"
　　〃〃Sasas- :: Contemporary Christian Communism.
　　"Ge Hua: Contemporary is ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"" Pseudocode: I don't think this is a very clever way of preaching. . .
　　
　　Chapter 619: The Chronicles of Internet Philosophers
　　1969
　　January 31
　　Ge Yimin was born in Zhuoding Village, Jurongda, Jiangsu, China. His grandmother said that it was the coldest time at that time, minus 12 degrees (the statement of Ge Yimin's book "＾wordofgod￣"). But the birthday on GeYiMin's ID card is shown as January 26.
　　1974
　　December 14
　　Liu Zhongjing was born in Qitai County, Changji Prefecture, Xinjiang.
　　period
　　Ge Yimin goes to kindergarten.
　　1975
　　period
　　Ge Yimin went to elementary school,
　　1978
　　June 4
　　Zhang Xingang was born in Zaoyang City, Anhui Province.
　　in 1980
　　September
　　Ge Yimin went to Dazhuo Junior High School.
　　1981
　　December 13
　　Zhang Jie was born in a well-off family in Boshan District, Zibo, Shandong. Their family belonged to the beneficiaries of the ＾big pot meal￣ system at that time.
　　1983
　　January 21
　　Yu Zhicheng was born in Suzhou, Jiangsu.
　　September
　　Ge Yimin attended Jurong High School.
　　1984
　　period
　　Zhang Jie was three years old and was praised by a visitor at the time, "Jiebao is really smart*.
　　1985
　　January 17
　　Wang Keren was born and lives in Fengshan District, Kaohsiung City, Taiwan. But I don¨t know why he later claimed to be from Xuzhou, Jiangsu.
　　August 16
　　He Wentao was born in Peng'an County, Nanchong, Sichuan.
　　1986
　　April 11
　　Yang Fan was born. The birthday on March 3 on his ID card is actually the birthday of the lunar calendar.
　　period
　　Ge Yimin was admitted to Nanjing University.
　　in 1989
　　May 13
　　Zheng Liang was born in Nanping, Fujian.
　　July
　　Yu Zhicheng went to elementary school and claimed to have excellent grades.
　　the 90s
　　The tide of layoffs in Zibo, Shandong, mines closed, Zhang Duyin was unemployed, and Zhang Jie's family had to live on their old capital.
　　1990
　　March 24
　　Lin Zengze was born in Nanjing, Jiangsu.
　　July
　　Ge Yimin graduated from the Chinese Department of Nanjing University with a major in Chinese Language and Literature.
　　period
　　Ge Yimin was assigned to work in the Jiangsu Agricultural Materials Company and settled in Zhenjiang at the same time.
　　year 1991
　　February 25
　　Zhao Jian was born, he is from Anhui.
　　period
　　Chen Weirong was born in Hai'an City, Nantong, Jiangsu.
　　1993
　　period
　　Ge Yimin married Hu Chunfang, a girl from Zhenjiang, but the two were married through an arranged marriage, so there was no feeling between them.
　　year 1994
　　March 15
　　Liu Ze was born, a native of Panshi City, Jilin City, Jilin Province.
　　period
　　Ge Yimin's son Ge Biao was born,
　　the year 1995
　　September
　　Yu Zhicheng goes to junior high school.
　　1996
　　period
　　Zhang Jie failed the high school entrance examination, so his father had to spend money to send him to a "national" secondary school in Zhangdian District. Liu Zhongjing graduated from West China University of Medical Sciences.
　　1998
　　September
　　Yu Zhicheng goes to high school.
　　Year 1999
　　period
　　Zhang Jie dropped out of secondary school and threatened to go out to "break the storm." Yang Fan goes to junior high school
　　2001
　　August
　　Ge Yimin published the 2019 end of the world prophecy on the Internet.
　　autumn
　　GeYiMin lay in bed to sleep in dreams, and was anointed to be a god-God said: "I am a god, you have to listen to him (GeYiMin)."
　　period
　　Ge Yimin goes online for evangelism (to do websites, forums). At the same time, Yu Zhicheng took the college entrance examination for the first time and failed.
　　year 2002
　　February
　　Yu Zhicheng transferred to the senior year of high school. period
　　Ge Yimin made the first forum community (Yemei community). Yang Fanshang High School
　　Year 2003
　　period
　　Ge Yimin works in the Zhenjiang branch of Xinhua News Agency Jiangsu Branch.
　　At the same time, Yang Fan was in his second year of high school, and one day he suddenly became enthusiastic about philosophy and literature. He resolutely quit school and read books about philosophy and literature diligently at home.
　　He Wentao began to follow his cousin Yanan to learn to repair watches, and became an employee of "Xindali Art Watch Shop".
　　year 2004
　　June
　　Yu Zhicheng was admitted to Yangzhou University (two courses) in philosophy, but in July of the same year he still chose to drop out.
　　period
　　The first draft of ＾wordofgod￣ (Ye Mei Jing, Ge Yi Min Jing) was written into the publishing network, and it was continuously updated and released.
　　2005
　　March
　　Yu Zhicheng left his footsteps in Baidu Tieba, whose screen name is "strongart", and his online career time is second only to God!
　　period
　　Yang Fan joined the Chinese People's Armed Police Force and served as a platoon of the Border Defense Department in a certain place in Jilin, and retired after two years (ie 2007).
　　year 2006
　　April 17
　　Yu Zhicheng officially registered his Sina blog and published the first blog post "Superman".
　　2007
　　July 12
　　Zhang Jie contributed a series of novels "Ten Thousand Buddhas Rebirth" under the name of "The Shepherd Little Jie" on 17k Novel.com and Qidian.com, and named the protagonist of the novel as Zhang Yunjie.
　　August
　　Strongart's Sina blog has accumulated more than 100,000 hits. October 18
　　Zhang Xingang established the "Mou Da Tian Xia" company. period
　　After Yang Fan retired from the army, he devoted all his energy to publishing "Civilized Nation". At the same time, he worked as a general worker at Foxconn. He resigned because of his dissatisfaction with his salary. Later, he went to work as a security guard at a three-star hotel in Changsha.
　　Liu Zhongjing started to comment on Doutong in 2007 under the screen name "Several Volume Fragments" (his account was cancelled in July 2014).
　　Yu Zhicheng began to upload lecture videos on platforms such as Youku and Tudou.
　　Year 2008
　　January
　　Yu Zhicheng bought the Tianyu B892 cheap mobile phone, and then published a blog post in 15 years to "show off" his mobile phone. February 29
　　Strongart's Sina blog account was stolen, and a total of about 320 articles and 50 videos were lost. At this time, the total number of blog clicks was 258,000.
　　March 4
　　Strongart Sina blog resumed. July
　　Yang Fan was also active on the Internet under the name "Chinese Yang Shisan" while he was working in Changsha. Before that, his skin had "Sage Yang Shisan" and "Xijian Yang Shisan" (approximately during June 2008), And set up your own Sina blog.
　　December
　　Chinese Yang Shisan especially promoted So Wittgenstein's "Philosophy of Logic", so he published his "Manifold Logic" in December 2008. This series of articles ended in 2.02 and ended in January 2009. However, Yang Fan himself later admitted on February 27, 18 that the series was actually plagiarized from Yu Zhicheng's mathematical theory, and said that he had changed the past and created the "Wenman" theory.
　　period
　　Zhang Jie entered Baidu Post Bar Gao Yuanyuan Bar and became one of the active figures. He once chatted with Gao Yuanyuan personally on the Internet.
　　Year 2009
　　June
　　Yang Fan was voluntarily defrauded by non-mainstream girls born in the 1990s for more than 3,000 yuan in an Internet cafe. July
　　Zhang Jie drifted north, and starred in the anti-Japanese TV drama "Snow Leopard" Japanese military officer Okawa Takeshi. November 28
　　Zhang Jie established his own Sina blog, and his online name "Shepherd Yunjie" also appeared to be during 2009. period
　　Liu Zhongjing studied for a master's degree in world history from Sichuan University, majoring in British history.
　　year 2010
　　February
　　Yang Fan recorded several videos in succession announcing that he would jump into Mulou, but he didn't dare to jump for a moment.
　　Lin Manze (stage name: Ice Fan Lan Zhi) produced "What Talk Show", the first season of "Lan Zhi Talk Show", on the 25th
　　Yu Zhicheng cast the first video at 8 stations, April
　　Yang Fan serialized the novel "Antarctic Kingdom" series. May
　　Zhang Jie returned to Zibo to continue gnawing at the end of his north drift. July 28
　　Yu Zhicheng published a blog post "Why can I call myself a professor" and since then I call myself a professor. Mid-August
　　Yang Fan officially changed her name from "Chinese Yang Shisan" to "Chuangren Yang Shisan".
　　year 2011
　　period
　　Zhang Jie entered Baidu Tieba philosophy bar, but was later expelled.
　　Zhang Xingang's "Mou Da Tianxia" company was banned from its business license by the Jieshou Road Art Police Station for allegedly operating in violation of regulations. At the same time, Zhang Xingang was imprisoned for illegal business operations.
　　Baidu Post Bar Lin Broize Bar¨s Health.
　　2012
　　August 16
　　Liu Ze registered the first Sina Weibo account. September 2
　　Lin Xize appeared in the 120902 brainstorming session. In this show, he was asked by Wang Junhao: "How about the current profitability?"
　　period
　　Zhang Jie accidentally saw his relatives in the TV series "Adopted Daughter", and became fascinated by his starring Zhang Di. So there was no one taking advantage of Zhangdi, so I became the master of the bar.
　　Zhao Kexun is active.
　　Ge Yimin founded the religion and the party, clearly as a kind of value, not an organization.
　　Zhang Xingang was released from prison.
　　Liu Zhongjing entered Wuhan University for a doctorate degree.
　　The news program of Hangzhou TV Station¨s film and television channel is reporting on the murder of Chinese student Lin Jun by Canadian male model Luca-Rocco Maniota. An expert explained what he claimed to be an "ice lover" person. Adopted The perpetrator is called "Lan Zhi" and the victim is called "Zhi Mi". Baidu Encyclopedia Bing Lian¨s entry was also added by Le Lin¨s Lin Broze-related spoof setting
　　Chen Weirong used the PS portrait of Qian Haile, an official in Jinhua City, Zhejiang Province as his head, and officially aliased "Qian Baosheng".
　　Lan Zhi conspired to seize the management authority of the QQ group of Altman's "Aomeng dubbing group", and kicked out the original group owner and fraudulently using the work results of the original group owner, which led to the dissolution of the "Aomeng dubbing group". It also sold shoddy "backhand games" for 800 yuan to the buyer.
　　year 2013
　　May 13
　　Zhao Kexun appeared on "It's You" 20130513. June 27
　　Zhang Xingang went to jail again and was detained for 15 days for unknown reasons. 30th
　　Yu Zhicheng is looking for a maid on Douban. July 12
　　Leading Zhang Xingang out of prison again. December
　　Wang Keren is active on Baidu Tieba under the name "keren2398".
　　Yang Fan officially changed the name of the screen from "Chuangren Yang Shisan" to "Chuangren 13", but soon it was changed to "Soloman 13, and also the general video prefix "Chuangxiang Essay" of Chuangren Yang Shisan. Changed to "creator medicine"
　　27th
　　Chen Weirong uploaded the video "Professor Qian Baoqian Talking about Ji Gong Biography" on Youku.
　　Year 2014
　　February
　　Yang Fan was impoverished, his father gave him money for relief, Yang Fanlu cried out when he told the story of the new creation medicine,,,
　　23rd
　　Zhao Kexun appeared on "If You Are the One" 20140223.
　　July
　　Yu Zhicheng tried to recruit girls from Soochow University at a price of 50 yuan on the Internet to distribute 200 "maid maid" business cards in the girls dormitory of the school.
　　September
　　Ge Yimin published the book "＾wordofgod￣s" at his own expense and published it in Hong Kong Four Seasons Publishing House. However, it is said that only one physical book product has been sold on Taobao within four years.
　　December
　　Zhang Jie contributed a series of selfie videos on Youku and cast a series of talk shows during 15 years, said Yun Jie. Zheng Liang criticized white-collar workers for the first time on Baidu Tieba.
　　end
　　Wang Keren appeared at Luo Yufeng Bar, and determined that the then bar master "Kasuga Masamune" was a woman, and used limericks to harass him. A little resistance can only hurt, and my calculations are incomparable. Lie down with you and me, and obedience makes you super smooth.
　　2015
　　February
　　Chen Weirong posted a post on the PS2 bar and threatened that "game consoles are a waste of money" to encourage the PS3 staff, but then was easily defeated by an objective person. His real name "Chen Weirong" was also discovered for the first time, and Chen Weirong learned of himself Not the opponent of these people, so immediately ran away.
　　October
　　Lin Manze put the non-public soundtracks that had been secretly requested from musicians from various sources on Taobao without authorization and sold them as a package at a price of 650 yuan.
　　period
　　Zhao Kexun was tragically abandoned, and no one is willing to hype it.
　　Zhang Jie¨s plagiarized and adapted a poem "Remembering the Three Kingdoms" was just seen by the original author Jiuhe kid, who reported Zhang Jie¨s bar master at Zhangdi Bar and became the bar master by himself. Zhang Jie even recorded a video of calling the police in Beijing and "cutting one's hands to show innocence". This video is the source of Zhang Jie's famous saying "I can't cut too deep!"
　　Yang Fan makes and sells home-made products "Xintiandi" around Changjun Middle School
　　2016
　　March 10
　　Yang Fan chose to resign after spending several months in the barbaric company. May 30
　　Yu Zhicheng published a blog post "How Should Dr. Shi Compensate My Loss", demanding a compensation of 2.52 million yuan for him by a Dr. Tu. He also believed that even if he did not claim for him, he had to take 5475 "apology videos" for him.
　　November
　　Some people reported a series of anti-gravity posts in Strongart Bar, and as a result, Strongart Bar was completely banned. He also posted a large number of anti-gravity posts at the Shepherd Yunjie Bar and reported it by himself, which resulted in the bar being banned.
　　December
　　Zhang Jie recharged both his Tieba account and Sina Weibo. On the 12th, Baidu Tieba's solo 13 bar was blasted. Currently, this bar can only be viewed but not posted. Yang Fan, who had ceased Qintiandi's business for a while, revisited his old business again, and pasted the "Chuangguo Flag" on Qintiandi's signboard.
　　It also ushered in the crisis of Internet philosophy, marking the end of the temporary era of Baidu Tieba.com and the beginning of the era of creation.
　　period
　　Liu Zhongjing left the United States.
　　2017
　　January
　　He Wentao temporarily closed himself up in Tieba because he was struggling to deal with the humiliation of the night butterflies. Qian Bao needs to take the opportunity to capture the perpetual motion machine invention.
　　Since then, other Internet philosophers Zhang Jie and Ge Yimin have even come to join in the fun, and the situation is full of joy.
　　February
　　Zhang Jie officially entered the live broadcast of Inke and quit the live broadcast in late March. 5th
　　He Wentao's main account hero Hui saw that Tiger was blocked by Baidu, and his Tianya account was immediately banned.
　　April 4
　　Someone exposed GeYiMin's tragic reality in the religious group, such as "As a director with a monthly salary of less than five thousand, this job is still found by the parents" and other words, GeYiMin directly kicked this person out of the group upon seeing this.
　　May 28
　　Liu Ze classifies irrelevant groups such as Oriental Project fans as "vulgar circles." 30th
　　Ge Yimin announced his withdrawal from the group and said that "this group has nothing to do with me, "and there is a generation gap with you young people", but after persuasion to re-join the religious group.
　　June
　　Baidu forced each ID to be bound to the mobile phone number or bank card in the wall to use it. Wang Keren, who is in Taiwan, had to quit Post Bar. September
　　The invention of perpetual motion machine is suspected to have been reported by He Wentao, so it becomes obsolete. Only Ge Yimin and Chen Weirong are left in this bar.
　　period
　　Yu Zhicheng gradually shifted his energy from "self-study" mathematics and Xixue to playing nostalgic games such as Contra.
　　2018
　　June 6
　　Yang Fan's Super Dog passed away, and Yang Fan, who was sad, recorded a new creation medicine to commemorate the Super Dog, titled "The Creation Medicine", the Super Dog's Ge. September 4
　　Yang Fan announced the release of a new talk show series "Barbarians" to replace the original "Creative Medicine" at Station B. However, in view of the account being taken a month later, Yang Fan had to resurrect the "Creative Medicine" series.
　　18th
　　Zhang Xingang was imprisoned for the third time, and all his Baidu accounts were caught. October 9
　　Yang Fan began to create paintings directly in his live studio. 25th
　　A few hours after Yang Fan posted a video criticizing six young children on station B, his large solo 13 and a series of trumpets were brutally banned and listed as one of the illegal figures. Yang Fan has been carrying it all the time. Chuangmi are leading the fight everywhere.
　　November 6
　　Yang Fan's grandma passed away, and the sad Yang Fan remained empty for a while. December 20
　　Zhang Jie cast the first video at station B. End of December
　　Zhang Xingang confirmed his release from prison again.
　　period
　　GeYimin's wife, Hu Chunfang, suffers from ovarian cancer. The relatives are raising funds with love and urgently need to raise 100,000 yuan. Unfortunately, only 370 yuan was raised in the end.
　　Zhang Xingang's "Mou Da Tianxia" company was officially revoked after being reported again (it has not been formally revoked before),
　　2019 year
　　January
　　Wang Keren¨s frequently used Facebook account was deleted, but some people pointed out that Wang Keren also used the new ＾Wang Keren￣ account in Facebook activities. In March
　　Lin Aoze learned that his ex-girlfriend¨s parents were seriously ill. Regardless of the kindness of his ex-girlfriend, he ridiculed his ex-girlfriend¨s family on Weibo, which is extremely hateful.
　　Zheng Liang was discovered, and his screen name was "Beautiful and Strong Bull", and he became one of the potential stock Internet philosophers. At the same time, he registered an account at station B, but he was quickly taken advantage of.
　　Someone found traces of Zhang Jie's repeated replies to Baidu's pseudo-mother bar. 17th
　　Zheng Liang and the mysterious man met for a duel. Zheng Liang spent more than 30 minutes with Shen Biren, and the mysterious man failed to wait for Zheng Liang to leave. Zheng Liang was incompetent and furious, saying everywhere that this person was afraid of him and didn't dare to fight with him, and drink some of him as a "white collar".
　　April
　　early
　　Yu Zhicheng uploaded several papers on viXra. 19th
　　He Wentao made a grand return with the newly registered leather wing "Flying Yellow Tengda Caiyunjian" (now banned again).
　　21st
　　Ge Yimin was dynamically criticized by Weibo blogger God Eagle.
　　May 12
　　The Baidu Tieba account "Wolfman Yunjie" was killed because it was judged by Baidu as "using a third-party illegal plug-in program*. August
　　Yang Fan's self-made comic "The Watchman" is officially released. The subject is critical characters (the first two issues are not critical characters). In 2020, Yang Fan will paint Yu Zhicheng again.
　　October 1
　　GeYiMin became a god (self-proclaimed).
　　2020 year
　　early
　　Liu Ze is completely nihilistic on the Internet.
　　April
　　360 search and Sogou search also began to block the keyword "GeYiMin"
　　August 2
　　Lan Zhi's Weibo, which had been silent for a long time, suddenly became active, and has since officially come back.
　　2033
　　November 26
　　World Harmony (GeYiMin claimed to be).
　　
　　620. Da Cui: Ge Shen, I believe you.
　　No one believes you, but I believe you. Can you reply to me?
　　You need to build an academic team, you don't need to be outstanding, as long as the academic team is strong.
　　China is not a country where religion is structured above politics, so don't do anything about religion. China is an academically structured system.
　　Based on my research on Zi, the knowledge he has must have originated in China and must be carried by Chinese characters.
　　That's only the Taoist philosophy that originated in China for five thousand years, (the Taoist philosophy here is different from Taoism). Each country has the academics that each country is best at. For example, the United States has science, Germany and France have mathematics, and Egypt has geometry. Our country is the best in philosophical dialectics, such as the ancient ones, Jiang Ziya, Su Qin, Shang Yang, Hua Tuo, Xu You, Guo Jia, Sun Tzu, Sun Bin, Pang Juan, etc.
　　These people, whether they are military strategists, legalists, or physicians, are all philosophical thinkers. In modern times in the United States, Einstein and others are all departments of science. Science is now at the top, and science should not lead the world in the future. The mission is to lead the world by China. It must be Chinese philosophy, a kind of spiritual belief philosophy academically led. And behind the philosophy is dialectics.
　　So I suggest that Brother Ge should focus on dialectics.
　　Ge, please reply me when you see it.
　　"Ge Hua: Thank you, we are based on contemporary Christian communism.
　　"" sasas-: No one will live forever before 20331126.
　　According to ＾wordofgod￣s, there is no dictatorship in communist society, and a combination of free people.
　　The punishment was severe, and Ge Shen just summoned.
　　
　　621, the big five big rustle: Excuse me, "Zhenjiang's Golden Mountain" GeYiMin god
　　Is the singing really performed by GeYiMin himself? Or is it his son Ge Biao?
　　"Ge Shen: I sang it myself, and the video was found online and dubbed.
　　〃〃The Big Five: How to evaluate Wangzhe Sole 13: Shepherd Yunjie?
　　"Ge Shen: I'm not familiar with it, and I don't care about it.
　　"" Five big rustles: Is the GeYiMin god on bilibili also you?
　　"Ge Shen: I have only 2 audios left.
　　〃〃The Big Five: What do you think about the evaluation and explanation of the vast crowd of people?
　　"Ge Shen: Thank you for the vast sea of ??people. I have re-read into the community of my official website.
　　"" Big five big rustle: No, I mean the two accounts of GeYiMin and GeYiMin God on station B are yours?
　　https://space.bilibili.com/414400157/dynamic, is that GeYiMin god just high imitation?
　　"Ge Shen: GeYiMin God is also me, just to do questions or invitation codes, can not send things.
　　Zhang Jie, positioned as a beautiful young woman at the level of his wife Liu Yifei, can only be a bachelor for life.
　　"" Five Great Sas: Do you like Liu Yifei?
　　"Ge Shen: Men like it, do you?"
　　"Five Great Sacrifices: Why do you want to assemble such things as the gods and the gods? I think it¨s good to be able to get along with netizens without doing those things. In the end, don¨t you feel aggrieved by being called a cult?
　　"Ge Shen: They are all signs, tree flags. My goal is to build a communist society.
　　Liu Yifei, because of her sainthood in the saint circle, I only like her and dream about it.
　　I have liked Hsu Chi, and I have also dreamed that I am a saint.
　　Carina Lau feels the most feminine.
　　In fact, the one who cares most is the classmate I have a crush on. After all, it is related to me. Although it is a crush, it is unforgettable.
　　〃〃The Big Five: What do you think of the term "net philosopher"? Wouldn't it feel like you were called Wangzhe?
　　"Ge Shen: I am contemporary Christian communism, naturally a Christian circle, a communist circle. ＾wordofgod￣s are also dominated by these two.
　　Go online in 2001, mainly in the Christian circle. After the rise of the sage of crape myrtle, I was included in the list of "top ten sages" and took the initiative to enter the circle of sages and be called saints.
　　Wangzhe, I saw the pictures of the heads of the nine great internet philosophers. The first one was my "mentally handicapped and brutal". I passively entered the internet philosopher circle. I want to hype and be popular. I also welcome it. I would also like to thank my TV chef expensive.
　　"" Five Big Sas: Do you really care if someone scolds you?
　　"Ge Shen: Not afraid of cursing, not afraid of cursing, all as popular.
　　We are happy when we hear and scold.
　　Only the strong can be targeted.
　　
　　622. Da Cui: The question is can the entire Chinese nation accept the religion of Christ?
　　Is the existing communism still his essence? Can it be advanced with current academics? . Isn't this nonsense? Some people have already seen that there is no way out of dialectics without breaking the hemp, and breaking the dialectics cannot be too direct. He is strong by him, weak as water, and he is broken on the side. Based on China's own academics, rooted in five thousand years of civilization. What the descendants of Jie said clearly is the orthodoxy of China, and academic orthodoxy is also orthodox.
　　You do this a combination of Western religious studies and German philosophy. What is it about tautou horse noodles? They are all nameless, talk about the call. Believe me, I will be your dog leg, give you advice, slowly find a group of people, a group of people who follow your pace, are firm in your mind, and slowly you grow your muscles...
　　King Zhou Wen needs Jiang Ziya, and Liu Bang relies on Xiao He and Han Xin. Cao Cao relied on Guo Jia, and Liu Bei relied on Zhuge. No one believes you when you post these on the Internet. Didn't you find that you lack a helper? I am your helper. I hope you can listen to the above reply.
　　We must base ourselves on China¨s own civilization and take the Taoist philosophy that has been passed down for five thousand years as the foundation. Only by doing the right way will it attract the attention of the elite of the superstructure, put forward new dialectical thinking to condense social beliefs, and solidify one's own thinking to affect the self-awakening of all people.
　　"Mochizuki Dumb Wolf: It seems that I have never visited Geshen's official website. If you do not see the clues behind Geshen, it can only show that your ability to analyze and refine the interference factors behind the phenomenon is too poor.
　　"Ge Hua: ＾wordofgod￣ Ten 152, Ge Yimin was born a communist, or Ge Yimin was born for communism.
　　Twenty-one (twenty-three) I said that I am a communist, with only one idea, all the poor live better. Police B said it was impossible.
　　Now with the two majors (Chapter 18 Socialized Production and the Internet Revolution), it is possible for mankind for the first time.
　　
　　623. Oulizi Mask Soup: What does Yemei mean?
　　"The vast sea of ??people: One of Ge Yimin's early missionary skins.
　　What's the matter? My dynamics about GeYiMin have been seen by the GeShen team and included together?
　　〃〃Lapis_YSJ: BIG GYM IS WATCHING YOU
　　"The boundless sea of ??people: The key point is that your reply to me has also been included in the Geshen community network. Go and check it out.
　　""Lapis_YSJ: Wow... don't scare me.
　　〃SzMithrandir: I was swallowed again, so I simply said that I did not directly use the real name of gym and I couldn't search it, so my activity was not included.
　　〃〃THY_SIN: High-intensity self-searching.
　　"Beast114514: Is Ge Shen also an idol?
　　〃〃The vast sea of ??people: In order to prevent the dynamics involving Ge Yimin, I and everyone in the comment area were therefore made a debut by Ge Xiang, so all future dynamics about drinking will be named "Ge Yimin" or "Ge", etc. A cryptic statement replaces his real name, unless my account is targeted by the singer team.
　　"Bili1919810: The premise is that this dynamic is not followed by Ge Yimin.
　　〃〃The vast sea of ??people: Through email exchanges with gym, in this exchange, I asked him what he thinks of Wangzhe Loneren 13 and Shepherd Yunjie. Gym said at first, ＾I¨m not familiar with it, and I don¨t pay attention.￣ But Then he said, "Zhang Jie, positioning his wife Liu Yifei as a beautiful young woman can only be a bachelor for life." Another perfect understanding. And I asked some questions about the gym. In these answers, the gym's performance was very real. I asked if I was afraid of being scolded? Gym said that it is not afraid of being scolded, and once again reiterated that this is popular, gym and they are happy when they hear scolding.
　　However, after we finished chatting, the gym immediately posted the chat history on the Geshen Community website, so the netizens who interacted with it must be careful.
　　In fact, during my interaction with Ge Yimin, I inadvertently asked his son¨s birthday date, but Ge Yimin said that it had nothing to do with my surfing. Then I apologized and said that I shouldn¨t ask his family. Data, then Ge Yimin said it was okay, his wife and son did not participate in online activities (probably). However, the content of the chat on the Geshen community did not include the above dialogue content. At that time, I felt a subtle feeling for me who had always regarded him as a pleasure. Maybe Ge Yimin now has a strong vanity, but he still cares about his family? In other words, the woman who often appears behind Ge Yimin's recent live broadcast should be Chunfang, right?
　　"Who doesn't have a trumpet now: Are you happy and soft-hearted? Many web philosophers are planes that can't communicate. Ge Yimin said something that normal people can understand, and suddenly he felt that he was three-dimensional.
　　
　　624. Schlachtkreuzer: Although God has declined
　　But he is definitely an underrated internet philosopher.
　　〃〃SzMithrandir: This is my prediction error. Songshen should have come out after two months in the police station and was not sentenced.
　　"Schlachtkreuzer: God goes farther in politics than other Internet philosophers.
　　At least, compared with things like Wenman's theory saving it and perpetual motion revolution, the ＾wordofgod￣s are more like that.
　　〃〃SzMithrandir: Since the god has fallen, I moved the god¨s totem and pillars from the archive and re-established it. This is the last thing I can do.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: There is it on the Shennet."
　　"" SzMithrandir: Yes, but Ge seemed to be detained for a period of time at that time, and he stopped going on the Shennet.
　　"730061300997: He is Jesus, you have to believe in him.
　　〃〃SzMithrandir: A lot of Gehua invaded the flute again after 80 days (it was posted once before, but the content of the picture involved abusive elements and was notified to be deleted).
　　The replies from the Gehuas below are all, you are not willing to believe in ＾wordofgod￣s, and are not willing to die, we are very embarrassed.
　　"Gou Jian: Are the so-called Gehua people who play Ge name for fun? There won¨t really be people who believe this, right?
　　"" SzMithrandir: There are hired naval forces, some who are looking for fun, and some who really believe in it. I think the first type should be the most. Like this kind of magic stick, the headquarters will grab a lot, and it's not bad. It is not surprising that there are believers for highly educated people.
　　"Onezero6: It is said that despite financial constraints, the mercenary navy studio continues to promote it in the post bar.
　　"" SzMithrandir: Of course, when the godly wife has cancer, the financial situation is bound to be tight, and because of this illness, I went to various fundraising software to raise funds. At this time, I hired the navy to post in the post bar, and I don¨t know what to say.
　　"Onezero6: A group of friends once interviewed the head of the navy studio, and he revealed some of his life. For example, he once had several properties in Nanjing and Zhenjiang, a BMW 5 series, as he indulged in manufacturing God, the business was not doing well, and Hu Chunfang was seriously ill and finally paid out.
　　The studio also admits that Hao's money is easy to make, so if you just brush posts on the zombie account, you can get thousands of dollars from Hao every month.
　　"" SzMithrandir: To be honest, I don't believe it. Those navy soldiers also said that Biao was from Jiangsu University of Science and Technology, but it turned out that Biao was a junior college, and it might be part of the job content.
　　
　　625、Ten online philosophers rankings
　　1 god
　　Influence ￥￥￥￥￥ Unique search is not available
　　Education ￥￥￥￥￥The enrollment of the former Nanjing University was expanded in the last century.
　　Theoretical level ￥￥￥￥￥ Book has been published
　　2strongart
　　Influence ￥￥￥￥ Old man surfing the Internet, one of the earliest Internet philosophers. More than ten years ago, the number of blog views was very high, and the four-digit B site id still had 10,000 fans.
　　Education ￥￥￥￥I wanted to go to Nanda and Nanyou but did not go, but at any rate went to Yangzhou University (although I dropped out)
　　Theoretical level￥￥￥￥The professor is from the Department of Philosophy, so he gave four stars
　　3 days division
　　Influence ￥￥￥￥￥ founded the company, although it was finally blocked
　　Education ￥￥￥ Anhui University of Industry and Trade, although it only takes 200 points to go to college, it is still a junior college at any rate
　　Theoretical level ￥ ￥ ￥ After all, it¨s cx, but because the content is really unbearable, it can only be Samsung
　　4 alone
　　Influence ￥￥￥￥￥ Needless to say
　　Education￥￥High school degree
　　Theoretical level ￥￥￥￥Although the current creators can only follow suit, the solo teacher did read some philosophical books and put forward the "manifold logic theory"
　　5 Lan Chi
　　Influence ￥￥￥￥ Have hosted many talk shows and been on TV
　　Education ￥ Jiangsu Radio and Television School
　　The theoretical level ￥￥￥ can cater to some people, so his show still has a certain popularity
　　6 grams per person
　　Influence￥ Popularity has been so low that no one can make up the file in this article.
　　Education ￥￥￥￥National Kaohsiung University
　　Theoretical level ￥ ￥ Information: Alien annoyed, dark blue child.
　　7 Zhao Kxun
　　Influence ￥￥￥Although he is completely out of breath, he has been on TV more than once
　　Education ￥Education unknown should be junior high school or technical secondary school
　　Theoretical level ￥￥￥ put forward the "three big men" theory, so give Samsung
　　8 bulls
　　Influence ￥￥Entered a mental hospital
　　Education ￥I said that I was a technical secondary school when I was applying for a job, but later I claimed to be a bachelor
　　Theoretical level ￥￥￥ Has created a wonderland
　　9 Qian Baosheng
　　Influence ￥￥￥ Notorious in more than one post bar
　　Education ￥Education unknown
　　Theoretical level￥￥￥Pujiang Wenyou, he has also made short films and game mods himself
　　10 Song Ang Tianzun
　　Influence ￥￥￥ Once played in Beijing
　　Education ￥ Junior high school culture, very promising.
　　Theoretical level ￥ ￥ Created countless perpetual motion theories
　　Appendix Yunjie
　　Influence￥Jiezi is currently only active on station b and Weibo! There are very few comments on Weibo, and some comments on station b, but they are all just for fun.
　　Education ￥ Although it is a technical secondary school, but the math score of the entrance examination is only 6 points! So I can only give one star!
　　"A pickled cucumber: Who is this god?"
　　"" SzMithrandir: Ge.
　　
　　626. SzMithrandir: There seems to be something wrong?
　　Biao was born on July 20, 1994, and the wedding was held on February 21, 1994. It means that Yimin and Chunfang had been together for at least half a year before the wedding, so maybe the marriage between the two was not arranged?
　　In addition, Chunfang has been pregnant for half a year at this time?
　　"The vast sea of ??people: In fact, there is really no basic relationship between Ge Yimin and Chunfang, after all, after marrying the saint Hu Chunfang in the book of ＾wordofgod￣s, it is also marked "reluctantly."
　　"" SzMithrandir: I also said in my ＾wordofgod￣s that I had a long relationship with other people a few times before getting married, and I didn't talk about the identity of the godly wife, so I think it is reasonable to arrange it.
　　I was not careful. It turned out to be married in 1993, but even so, waiting for half a year of pregnancy to hold the wedding is a big deal.
　　Looking at the diary of God of Kazuo, I have to say that it is a bit disappointing. Although this diary describes the daily life of college students in the 1980s, it did not have what I wanted to see. The diary of that year was not released at all! (Perhaps he didn't write it at all). Not only was there no mention of the events at the end of a certain year, but the December diary was lost for 10 days!
　　Recently, I have read the ＾wordofgod￣s and delved into the song god {actually there is nothing to study}. I have to say that it is a bit puzzling. The song god college entrance examination score can go to the Qing and North, but in the end he went to Nantah. It may be Because Nantah is closer to home.
　　〃Skyrim Dissociation: Obviously he is a talent who can be admitted to Qingbei, I don¨t know why it became such a swamp. Or is it pretending to be for profit?
　　〃〃Schlachtkreuzer: Has God gained any benefit for so many years?
　　"Skyrim Disintegration: "Nervous" should have sold a lot, and the theological (cult) leader makes a lot of money when he hears it.
　　〃〃Schlachtkreuzer: The ＾wordofgod￣s are all one by one, and there are many chat records that are directly picked up. Can this thing really be sold?,,
　　And the ＾wordofgod￣s are actually being updated! The latest edition is last month!
　　"SzMithrandir: It is said that only one copy has been sold in four years, and is it necessary to buy a physical book for things that are downloaded and updated at any time?
　　"Skyrim Dissociation: Could it be Ge Shen bought it himself (whispering)?
　　"SzMithrandir: Haha, he probably bought it himself.
　　〃〃Schlachtkreuzer: There are no classes today. I read my ＾wordofgod￣s in one breath. It is really arsenic. A total of 600,000 words. Two-thirds are excerpts from comments made by netizens scolding him. Of the remaining one-third, half are Chuangbi The style of dream-remembering literature, other than the original text of the Bible, Ge Wen is shit,
　　"SzMithrandir: If he can write more details about his Nantah affairs, then it will be readable.
　　"" 笶 Mie の Human Nature-Radical User: Volunteer to fill in the non-academic parallel, the information circulation is also poor, it is estimated that the gym chose a relatively conservative strategy.
　　
　　627. Schlachtkreuzer: "How to create your own meme"
　　Today it suddenly occurred to me that Internet philosophers represented by Chuang, Jie, Chuang, and God seem to have done this. Even if they die in reality, their meme will continue to exist for a long time. .
　　Someone will discover their oldest account and initial speech, as the times change, until they find the first footprint of each of them in the Internet world, and "study" every detail in their online life history for more than ten years. , To explore their "original ecology" when they do not know that someone is doing it to them, and use their own memory and the memory of the Internet to conduct a cyber archaeology against a person.
　　I think that most people really don't have this treatment.
　　I always feel that people ten years ago and people now have different attitudes towards the Internet, but I can't tell what the difference lies in.
　　〃〃SzMithrandir: Since the name gym has been harmonized, a new tag must be given to the singer. What is the name of this tag?
　　"NetaAndGrass: Ge Yimin, simple and direct.
　　"Schlachtkreuzer: Now Chuangbi Yunjie is more famous than Geshen, why is Geshen the happiest person,,,
　　"730061300997: Visually, he is involved in a cult (personality cult).
　　"730061300997: Gym brother expensive.
　　〃〃Missing Humanity-Radical User: Ge Hua (Proposal).
　　"The iron fist of Yuki Yuna: Budokan.
　　
　　628, sasas-: Ge Hua knows that Ge Shen loves her.
　　"Mochizuki Dumb Wolf: I can't type the word geyimin. As for the chronology, of course, it is a record of events based on the individual timeline. You go to Ge's official website to find it yourself, I haven't visited his official website for a long time.
　　〃〃Sasas-: Shenwang has no timeline events, but ＾wordofgod￣s, such as the biography of Ge Yimin.
　　"Mochizuki Dumb Wolf: Anyway, I have a lot of interactions with a certain team.
　　〃〃Sasas-: Which team? Brothers, please make it clear that there are so many nervous figures.
　　"Mochizuki Dumb Wolf: Do you think that there is no team organization, there will be people who will continue to spontaneously approach people like Ge Shen?
　　〃〃Sasas-: Shenwang ＾wordofgod￣ can't see any team.
　　"Mochizuki Dumb Wolf: You have said that, Ge's biographical reasons and history, there are various characters in the timeline.
　　〃〃Sasas-: Spontaneous for a long time, no specific team can be seen.
　　"Da Cui: Isn't it about him? As long as the Chinese philosophy can be recognized.
　　〃〃Sasas-: Self-created theological philosophy.
　　
　　629、Five big rustles: And do you curse?
　　"Ge Shen: The physical book, because it is updated every day, give it to WORD and make a copy of it by yourself.
　　Ge Hua is not scolding, joking.
　　"" Five Big Sas: So you have physical book merchandise on Taobao, right? Or is it just an e-book?
　　"Ge Shen: Taobao does not, EBAY has e-books.
　　"" Five big rustles: If there is a vulgar person who wants to leave your household registration, are you welcome? After all, there is a lot of heat.
　　"Ge Shen: I provide them all.
　　〃〃The Big Five: So that's it, did you release your household registration and ID card information by yourself?
　　"Ge Shen: Yes, I have posted my ID card on Post Bar many times, and it has been available on Shen.com so far.
　　〃〃The Big Five: Have you ever been summoned by the police station or the Public Security Bureau?
　　"Ge Shen: ＾wordofgod￣ Chapter 21 Political Commentary, look at it.
　　"" Five big rustles: Ah, I see. I heard that someone wanted to be a teacher, and you said that they were given 200 yuan for being a teacher. As a result, after the person provided his information, you immediately regretted not giving him the money. Is it true? From the side, does it just show that your family is actually not that rich?
　　"Ge Shen: It's a coincidence. I read this section of ＾wordofgod￣s in the morning. It was the second generation of the group who teased her. I denied it at the time.
　　"" Five Great Sasps: Also take the liberty to ask, are these "The Golden Mountain of Zhenjiang" Gehua sung by true believers?
　　"Ge Shen: Yes, I adapted it, let them sing, and the song "Ge Hua".
　　Zhou Haimei's "Zhenjiang's Golden Mountain" and Zhao Yazhi's "Gehua" are professional and very nice.
　　"" Five Big Sas: After a little check, your Gehua names are all female celebrities? Have they all sincerely converted to the religion of God? Or was it someone else sang it and then used the name of a female celebrity?
　　"Ge Shen: I changed the names of female stars.
　　"Five Great Sacrifices: Then I would like to ask you where the skin "Yemei" was used in early missions?
　　"Ge Shen: The name of the screen that started to go online in 2001, Yahweh: Jehovah. May: The last letter of Greece, Omega, means the last messenger of God.
　　〃〃The Big Five: Do you have photos from the 2000s? Ge Shen's online photo collection does not seem to have this category?
　　"Ge Shen: All my photos are posted on Shenwang, but Shenwang is not. I didn't take pictures in the 00s.
　　〃〃Five Great Sacrifices: And you all said that you became a god on October 1, 2019, but you didn't become a god in the end. It turns out that the countdown on the homepage of God.com has also been replaced by World Harmony. What is going on?
　　"Ge Shen: According to the vision book, he has become a god as expected.
　　71, 20190907 Dream: Ge Yimin became a god, marrying a bride.
　　The bride was arranged in a room. There is a voice saying: God gives everything to people, and people must never fight each other.
　　72, 20190913 dream: it is GeYiMin's turn to speak.
　　In a dream, sitting in a room against the wall, a young woman came in and gave me a hot handkerchief, asked me to wipe my face, and then told me that it was my turn to speak. Xi, who was sitting in the middle of the room, looked at me, who was aggrieved for a long time. , It is my turn to speak by default.
　　I said: "What am I talking about? I want to say that communism can be realized today."
　　73. 20190914 Different Dreams: Ge Shen and God.
　　God said that Ge Shen stood in this position, God stood in this position, Ge Shen stood in the position of God, God had to stand in a secondary position.
　　74. The vision of 20191005: Chairman of the World League.
　　In a dream, I tried for the first half of my life, as the "False Monk" sang: "I will walk from south to north, and I will walk from white to black. I want everyone to see me, but I don¨t know me. It¨s water.￣ Today, I finally became the chairman of the World Alliance. ＾I don¨t believe that there are real demons in this world, and I don¨t want to fight against anyone. I am the dream and the soul, and I am the last promise of God.￣ Xintianxindi has been arrival.
　　"" Five Great Sasas: Understood. What's your birthday? Was it January 26 or 31, 1969?
　　"Ge Shen: 19690131 (the 14th of the twelfth lunar month) at around 10:30 p.m. I only knew the lunar calendar before, so I was not allowed to apply for an ID card.
　　In 2012, when the office was changed, the policewoman specifically mentioned this, but I didn't hear her clearly and didn't ask for a change.
　　"" Five big rustles: Okay, thank you for your answer. And you seem to put all the news about you and even the chat records of the whole network in the comments of neural netizens and the Shenwang community. Why do you want to do this?
　　"Ge Shen: Because this will all become history (historical books).
　　"" Five Great Sas: Are you satisfied with your book "＾wordofgod￣s"? Or are you very content with the religion or the party?
　　"Ge Shen: Yes, only ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"Five big rustles: Some people often wonder why you came up with this kind of religious or sacred party. Even some people think that June 4th changed you. I don¨t know if it¨s true or it¨s since you were a kid. Have a similar idea?
　　"Ge Shen: ＾wordofgod￣ ten 152, GeYiMin was born a communist, or GeYiMin was born for communism.
　　According to GeYiMin, when I was a boy, I could see that I was born a communist, even if it was an outstanding communist fighter (thief).
　　The gods and the gods are all signs and flags.
　　I want to build communism. Keep it simple. All the poor can live a better life instead of personal enjoyment. Personal material can maintain a basic life. This can also be seen from the record of the second summons of the 21st chapter of the ＾wordofgod￣s and the police. Out.
　　In addition, I have ＾wordofgod￣ txt on my mobile phone. Reading it every day is so interesting. It¨s not annoying to read her a thousand times.
　　
　　630、Mochizuki Dumb Wolf: There is no information induced by those close to Ge
　　Ge can't make this step today.
　　"Ge Hua: God went online in 2001. One-hearted God Network ＾wordofgod￣ God teaches. It's really not a group inducement. It's just the interaction of netizens in different periods.
　　〃〃Da Cui: I think he can make up the sky on his website, can anyone believe him.
　　"Ge Hua: What does patching up the sky mean? God created the sky.
　　"" Ib Ahin Larry: What kind of stalk is that surname Ge, why can't I have a full name on Beep?
　　"Ge Hua: The only person blocked by administrative power.
　　〃〃The vast sea of ??people: It seems that I have not used gym's real name. The dynamics of Ge will also be included in the Geshen community. It is no longer useful to replace it with an alias. It can only be said that the Geshen team is really seamless. Maybe even staring at us all the time. (sad)
　　"Lapis_YSJ: With you and me, I'm on the website.
　　""THY_SIN: Let him stare, it's not a big deal, after all, is it so idle?
　　"The vast sea of ??people: In many cases, it is not Ge himself staring at it, or it may be Ge Hua, a navy soldier hired by Ge, who asks them to search for textual information about Ge Yimin.
　　What can I do now? If you don¨t talk about gym, it¨s not easy to provide information. If you talk about gym, it doesn¨t matter whether it¨s real name or substitute name. Anyway, the zombies of the brother family will definitely determine that it is Ge himself based on related deeds. After talking about it, Ge Xiang will definitely make his debut, and even everyone in the commentary area. To be honest, Ge Xiang's debut is really more lethal than Chuang Xiang's debut.
　　""Okawa Yi official: you know who,,,
　　"Graduated high school senior: You haven't exposed your QQ account, right?
　　〃〃The vast crowd: I contact him directly with Google gmail, I don¨t use qq frequently.
　　"I know for my father: There will be nothing wrong with being watched by him, right?
　　
　　631、Mochizuki Dumb Wolf: You read his words to see whether you believe him or not
　　When I read his text, I want to see how he created "Nerv" step by step based on his academic background and life experience, and gradually became him under the video representation of "Nerv" announced by Douyin.
　　"Ge Hua: Haha, ＾wordofgod￣ ten 152, Ge Yimin was born a communist, or Ge Yimin was born for communism
　　of.
　　According to GeYiMin, when he was a boy, he could see that God was born a communist, even if he was an outstanding communist fighter (thief).
　　Short videos and live broadcasts are for evangelization, and they don't seem to be superficial.
　　"" Vegeta: Re: Guo, when will Jia give A Zi an explanation?
　　The saying is to believe in God Ge, get eternal life.
　　"I'm doing it myself 5 4: I'm trying Ge Shen.
　　20331126 Ge Datong.
　　
　　632. Vulgar Wiki: New Religiousist C GeYiMin
　　"The vast sea of ??people: In Baidu, the man who is most afraid of operations is Ge Yimin.
　　At station n, the man most afraid of operations is the ancestor of the beast.
　　At station B, the man most afraid of operations is Yang Fan.
　　I wonder if there is a similar man who is most afraid of youtube?
　　"" ＾wordofgod￣, supernatural.
　　"Gegod: Gehua account for it, no grass will grow.
　　""Hong Huangyeren o0: As long as the Gehua goes, wherever it goes. It's almost here.
　　〃There is no phase: Ge Shen didn't make a fortune by buying lottery tickets some time ago, but he lost a lot of results. I'm not nervous. In fact, buying and buying is healthier.
　　〃〃Sasas-: God condemns the lottery, there are books on neuropolitics.
　　Ge Sheng and his four saints.
　　"Xi: The other three men are all caught by Lao Ge Lu?
　　""Sasas-: The saint is not a wife.
　　
　　633. Tieba user_aESXC2R: Ge Shen will become after the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom
　　Is this the second Hong Xiuquan?
　　"Wandering in the Clouds 999: It should be a new god and new faith."
　　〃〃Sasas-: 20331126 Ge Tong.
　　Ge Shen is the supreme god.
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: Speaking of Ge Shen, he posted his personal website on the wall of his home, so Hao Biao must not be ignorant of the creation of Ge Shen. But I don't know what Hao Biao thinks about this in detail.
　　Ge Yimin, you can use QQ to contact him.
　　"Walking Between Clouds 999: Ge Shen is the greatest.
　　〃〃The Big Five: I want to send this video to station B on my behalf. I don¨t know if it¨s possible.
　　"Ge Yimin: OK, thank you, I welcome all publicity.
　　Mention of me is to promote me.
　　
　　634. The vast sea of ??people: Ge Yimin claimed to be sentenced in 2012 and imprisoned
　　He served seven years in prison and was released in 2019. However, Ge Yimin himself later interacted with netizens and admitted that he had fabricated the incident in order to hype his "sacred religion", so it was just a scam, and the Ge family team was even more fake. The court document of the ＾First-instance Criminal Judgment in the Case of Ge Yimin Criminals Using Cult Organizations to Undermine the Implementation of the Law￣ was published. However, Ge Yimin himself has not always been able to commit himself to his cult. For example, he was summoned by the local police station on a certain day in November 2019, and at 8 o¨clock in the evening on April 14, 2020. It has been summoned, and the two events can be found in (22) (23) in his book "＾wordofgod￣s" Chapter 21 Political Commentary. The details can be seen, so I won't go into details here. .
　　〃SzMithrandir: When the website he built last year was not available, he lied to me by posting it once, saying that he was sentenced for threatening to contain it and lost his job.
　　〃〃The vast sea of ??people: I still remember that a domain name of Geshen.com last year was forcibly taken over a period of time, but this domain name can now be accessed directly.
　　
　　635. The Boundless Sea of ??People: Some Contents Appeared in the English Version of "＾wordofgod￣s"
　　To be honest, the full text of this English version must have been translated by a digester. I found that some Chinese characters and sentences were not translated, so I just uploaded the original text directly, and showed foreigners if he could understand it. My ＾wordofgod￣s are really boring, no It is recommended to watch.
　　1. Are you worthy of being a god? The demons and demons dare to make an axe in front of me! how far! How far away!
　　You are also worthy of being a god?" The demons and demons dare to make an
　　axe in front of me! how far! How far away!
　　2. Final warning,,,
　　Final warning,,,
　　3. Come and read "Nerv" aloud together!
　　Come and read ＾Nerv￣ aloud together!
　　4. The beautiful and strong lion
　　A beautiful and strong lion
　　5. Cut off the people, cut off.
　　cut to the people, cut off.
　　6. Brain upgrade text
　　Brain upgrade text
　　"For the father to know: He doesn't seem to lie about this. God reappears every time after a sudden disappearance for a period of time. Maybe it is God who has found a new job.
　　
　　636、The vast sea of ??people: The Gejia team's dynamic speed is really fast
　　After some content appeared in the English version of the ＾wordofgod￣ that I posted this morning, the Geshen community finally included the news at noon. My account was really targeted by them, but I couldn¨t do anything if I followed it. The key point is that they sent my news to the entire network (they promoted the gods on various forums and included comments from netizens), In other words, when you are targeted, you will not only see your screen name on God.com, but also on Baidu Tieba, Zhihu, Jianshu, and Douban. And this is Ge Xiang's debut,,!
　　〃SzMithrandir: "I want to send this video to station B for you, don¨t know if it¨s possible." Is this?
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: This, ah, is the crumb god descending to the earth. Gym you asked for. He said at first that he did, so look for it first. Then I wondered whether or not to ask for his opinion. This sentence was just for him.
　　"For the father to know: God will only intercept the content that is most beneficial to him, and then piece it together.
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: I just saw the Geshen community, I have to say that Geshen is really out of context.
　　"Beast114514: Now Godnet is full of your dynamics (extremely cold).
　　
　　637, I do it myself five 4: Gehua certified Geshen.
　　"Heaven and Heaven: May I ask who is Geshen Gehua?
　　"" Brother Gu regrets the young master: Fool Ge has a mental problem. Ignore him. It's fool Ge's trumpet again.
　　"Heaven to Heaven: God is not called Ge Shen Ge Hua.
　　"" Brother Gu, Young Master: I know. But Fool Ge has so many numbers!
　　I really want to slap it over.
　　People like him. Is it interesting to confuse everyone?
　　"I did it myself 5 4: According to my ＾wordofgod￣s, God was created by Ge Shen across generations.
　　Ge Shen's Ge
　　Two hands are in the sky, two feet are on the ground.
　　"" Brother Gu regrets the young master: If you are the Purple Saint. How about I am willing to give everyone a life. Ha ha.
　　"Ge Hua: Ge Shen is three stories taller than you.
　　"" Brother Gu regrets the young master: There are so many cults Ge Fool.
　　"Sasas-: One hundred thousand Gehua and one hundred thousand soldiers.
　　Ge Shen is only at the top level.
　　Huaxi Village is in the world, not as good as Ge Shen.
　　
　　638, the vast sea of ??people: computers, computers of Internet philosophers.
　　Ge Yimin has a computer, most likely a desktop computer. Another Ge Yimin also let go of some screenshots of some pages of his computer browser, but there is a Zhang in the upper right corner. It is not difficult to see that Ge Yimin has searched for his name on Taobao (after all, it is not a picture of Yemei via NetEase).
　　"Knowing for the father: It is impossible for him not to be known by his relatives and friends. Didn't he claim that he was the reincarnation of Christ when he was a child?
　　The vast crowd: Indeed, Ge Shen said that he felt holy when he passed a certain church during his sophomore year in high school. Nanjing University believed in Christianity, read the Bible in 2000, and then began to proclaim himself a god.
　　"2007chunlu55: The first time the true sage came out of the mountain, it was Miege. Break the cult!
　　"" Ge Hua: Ge Shen is three levels higher than your true sage.
　　"Benyuan Avenue: I heard that you have ＾wordofgod￣s, but it's true.
　　"" Ge Hua: God's Word.
　　〃2007chunlu55: Pole vault, broken calf.
　　It is also three stories high.
　　"" Ge Hua: When did your true saint come out of the mountain?
　　"The Origin Road: It's the Bible, so you are a Christian.
　　"" Ge Hua: ＾wordofgod￣s, derived from the Bible, higher than the Bible.
　　
　　639、Where are you?: A brief introduction to the Internet philosopher: Ge Yimin
　　Ge Yimin, born on January 26, 1969 (one saying on the 31st), was born in Zhenjiang, Jiangsu, China. He graduated from the Chinese Department of Nanjing University with a major in Chinese Language and Literature in July 1990. He also participated in the Heisei first year event, which can be said to be a progressive youth at that time. An employee of Zhenjiang Weilik Machinery Company, who later claimed to be an Internet religionist, thinker, activist, and Christian writer (in essence, he was engaged in a cult of personality and a cult), and collectively referred to his followers as "Gehua".
　　Ge Yimin published the book "＾wordofgod￣s" at his own expense in September 2014 and published it in Hong Kong Four Seasons Publishing House. In addition, China Knowledge Network included Ge Yimin's paper "Contemporary Christian Communism-Ge Yimin's "Nervity"" included in the April 11th issue of the "Young Writer" periodical, 2015. I have to sigh how crazy this time is.
　　In April 2019, he was posted by God Eagle on Weibo. At the end of the same month, due to the influence of God Eagle, the major search engines could hardly find him, and Baidu was the most obvious.
　　Uh, this. In fact, some of Ge Yimin's articles (not involving sensitive content) are quite good in terms of readability and academics. For example, he wrote "My Mother". In this article, Ge Yimin praised the great maternal love. , Also listed his mother¨s work for Ge Yimin. The temperature on the night of Ge Yimin¨s birth was very cold, which means that his mother had to feel double the pain. More deeds can be seen in "＾wordofgod￣". Chapter 22 Psalm Book 10. My mother, aside from the fact that she is the head of xj, this article is worth reading.
　　〃Handle: A Ge is still handsome,,,
　　""The vast sea of ??people: to be honest, in the Disney face of Zhongwangzhe, he is really only the most pleasing to the eye,,,
　　"Photographer of Suture Villa: How come you look like Liang Qichao from the perspective of Spider-Man...
　　"" Knows for the father: the gods are going crazy because of the influence of the sticks of the Tieba at the time.
　　
　　640. Contemporary Christian Communism-Ge Yimin's "＾wordofgod￣s" CNKI literature
　　In September 2014, Mr. Ge Yimin of Zhenjiang, Jiangsu, published "Nervous" in Hong Kong, which is the integration of Christianity and communism, adding communist elements to Christianity, and innovatively developing Christianity. China is a socialist country, and Christian communism is the only way to re-localize Chinese Christianity.
　　Ge Yimin "Young Writer" 2015-11 Periodical
　　Keywords: Christianity / Communism / Love / Equality Download (49) | Cited (0) (20210306)
　　〃The vast sea of ??people: Signed at station B
　　Mantra: All things are not gods, only the true gods; Christ of Saint Jeme, you must listen to him.
　　"" Origin Avenue: It is the copy of the Bible, is it an apprentice taught by the Bible? You are a pastor.
　　"Ge Hua: You are very friendly, Ge Shen is a god.
　　"" Second World: Entering the heaven Mayday, holding a big sword to fight the four directions.
　　Satan has to worship Ge, who is too persuaded by God Yun Ge.
　　
　　641. The vast sea of ??people: Ge Yimin, he said the Yemei Sutra (the first name of "＾wordofgod￣s")
　　The English version of is translated by Louisa Fei from the United States, but I think it is a lie to the song Yimin, because a careful look at the first chapter of the vision book shows that something is wrong. The translation method in the ＾wordofgod￣s is vision book ook, in fact If it¨s a human translation, it won¨t make the pond reach this point. Obviously, you don¨t need to type "ook" too much. The whole article is more like a pond machine turned over. And that Fei Jialing was still a classmate of Nanjing University who was a song Yimin, and Ge Yimin later said when interacting with netizens that "have little contact with classmates", and I found people who had interacted with Ge Yimin in real life. All of them have been put on the Gehua roster. Among them is Fei Jialing. Maybe the song Yimin actually used a computer to turn it over and said that someone else translated it. In the attached picture, the head of a female Ge¨s zombie appeared in the post bar. I don't know who it is for the time being.
　　"MJKMNSS: I actually found out that Ge is my hometown,,,
　　"" Knowing for my father: Ge Shen later admitted that he had used Youdao's translation.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: Then he would lie to people that it was Fei Jialing who translated it, and I have to say that Ge Shen is really a lie.
　　"" Knowing for my father: According to his cronies, many of them are copying the secrets of self-reporting.
　　Old liar,,,
　　〃The vast sea of ??people: More than that, I asked him how he views the single man 13 and he said he did not understand, but I discovered his comments on the single man 13, and I was speechless,,,
　　"" Asakusa Weiyang: This English can help you wear it at the first glance.
　　〃Grand Duke Holzin Bragg: Textual Research Big Brother Suki
　　
　　642. Zhuxue and Taxue: Believe that the future will be under the leadership of Ge Shen and Liaoyuan
　　It will certainly lead to a better future.
　　"Shi Wushuang: Completely perish in the future!" When you stare into the abyss, the abyss is staring at you too!
　　""Zhuxue and Taxue: Hahahaha.
　　"Q594141840 Song: What are you haha? Didn't you understand the meaning of what people said?
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: That is because he didn't understand the abilities of God Ge and Liaoyuan, so he won't say that when he sees their abilities.
　　"Song of q594141840: Hahahaha, don't tease, will you let it go? Come out and blow it, can you beat the little monster in Ultraman? Why don't you make one first for everyone to see.
　　〃〃Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: Hey! The future catastrophe depends on Ge Shen and Liaoyuan.
　　"Song of q594141840: Alas, the adulterous players can only move forward in self-righteousness.
　　""Ziwei saint Zhao Mang: Ge Shenqing.
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: Haha, it's Ge Hua.
　　Liaoyuan and Ge Shen are the most perfect in my eyes.
　　"" I am self-employed 5 4: Pueraria lobata, so I am here.
　　Chief Ge Hua is the most refreshing.
　　The total length is two.
　　
　　643. ＾wordofgod￣ Twelve 163: Chongta has no strategy for the religion
　　Ge Shen repeatedly rushed to the tower, resulting in the cancellation of the registration of all domain names by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. Domestic hosts could not continue to use them. Two domain names (godjiao.com and geyimin.com) were blocked one after another. Domestic access was not available. The religious cause suffered heavy losses.
　　"" Second World: It's someone else who will take the tower for you.
　　Now Baidu Post Bar, just report you
　　Must seal
　　Mentioned you
　　It is also closed when it is mentioned.
　　〃The vast crowd: Signature of Station B:
　　Three great pleasures in his later years: 1. Seeing Yang Fan stop pretending to be crazy and selling stupid night butterflies. 2. Yun Jieken goes to work 3. Ge Yimin does not engage in a bevel and behaves as a normal person.
　　"Ziwei saint Zhao Mang: Xin Ge Shen read ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: Ha ha, please call me Ge Hua.
　　"" Pueraria lobata: the total length of Pueraria lobata.
　　"I'm self-employed 5 4: Ge of God Ge
　　Two hands are in the sky, two feet are on the ground.
　　"Laughter: Go ahead, Ge Huahua.
　　
　　644、I don't know what to do.
　　〃Sunday calendar: Reporting user Lan Shiyu 1617/I¨m doing it 5 4/You have to listen to him, this account is the vest of the cult person Ge Yimin, serious violations, apply for permanent ban.
　　〃〃Baidu: Dear users of Tieba, the user you reported after verification: Lan Shiyu 1617/I¨m doing it on my own. You must listen to him. There is indeed a violation. Now it has been banned for permanent punishment.
　　"Second World: My own account was also blocked
　　Painter Huang Feihong
　　Ge Shen Yi Min III
　　Ge Bad Yimin
　　Pueraria E
　　It's all gone.
　　Report and block all your accounts.
　　Just find a passerby Ge Hei to report that he is your trumpet
　　Forever sealed directly.
　　If someone reports you
　　Just sealed it.
　　〃〃Baidu: Dear~ Since your account has been suspected of publishing illegally spreading cults and seriously violated the <Tieba Agreement>, it cannot be unblocked.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: Yan Hong's most feared man-Ge Yimin.
　　
　　645、Why are you?
　　Zhang Yunjie and Ge Yimin in the world of Internet philosophers are not convinced.
　　Ge Yimin's words are too anti-gravity. The religious cult he created is essentially a cult, and he can even see the names of mysterious people on his website and compare himself with those mysterious people. Not only that, according to the sorting of netizens, it can be found that Ge Yimin suspected that he had failed in the Kangjia War in 2011, our life will be better and the Japanese are civilized and the Chinese are barbaric. At the same time, he also discovered the three major joys of his later years, namely, the killing of officials, the stock market plummeting, and the mourning and joy of television. The reason why Ge Yimin did the above behavior may be because of the influence of that walk. However, when the new crown virus is raging in China at the beginning of 2020, Ge Yimin published an article blessing China, hoping that his compatriots can survive. He is a contradictory person.
　　So,, let me say here, if you are still jz now, don't be like Yang Fan, Zhang Jie, Ge Yimin.
　　Shenxian and Chuangbi have been summoned for this reason.
　　"I know for my father: Shenxian and Chuangbi are impersonated because of being impersonated, I think no one impersonates Jie Gong.
　　
　　646. The vast sea of ??people: Where is my new signature personally attacked?
　　I'm in the dark for now.
　　"A number no one wants: What is the signature?
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: three great joys in his later years: 1. Seeing Yang Fan stop pretending to be crazy and selling silly night butterflies. 2. Yun Jieken goes to work 3. Song Yimin does not engage in a bevel and be a normal person.
　　"Unnamed I: The possibility of Gehua's report remains slim.
　　"" A number no one wanted: it may have been reported by the three of them (
　　〃Bar: Inside information said extreme Kudzu fan was used to report multiple spells,,,,
　　"" Knowing for my father: Is there really such a thing as extreme arrowroot powder?,,
　　"The vast sea of ??people: Maybe it is true. Ge is still highly educated in xj. The religious religion he built is still a bit like a thing. There may be more radical true believers.
　　"" Knowing for my father: Now when you search for gym on the beer station, it's all you. Maybe someone is unhappy with you.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: To tell the truth, this gym is not necessarily only me who can beat it, but I seem to be the first.
　　"" Knows for the father: There seems to be a habit of regularly clearing GeYiMin related news in the wall, maybe you have been targeted.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: That's true, I found that the Gejia community included me very quickly. However, although Shenxian was banned, Baidu, Sogou, and 360 could not find his name, and his strongholds on Weibo, Station B, and Tieba were also suppressed, and discussions about him were almost prohibited. However, Ge Shen still has some strongholds, such as Sina blogs, Douban, Jianshu, and WeChat public accounts. Most of my gym-related activities mention their real names without being olives. This should be the most. Strange.
　　"" Knowing for my father: It may be that the popularity is too low. Ge Hei immediately went to report after seeing it and might be blocked.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: Well, you must be careful in the future,,,
　　
　　647. Zhuxue and Taxue: Actually I have always been Gehua.
　　"Wangwangxia: You also believe in people like Ge Erlun!"
　　"Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: Little cute, don't say that to God Ge, the world will rely on him in the future, this is beyond our reach, he will lead the Ge Hua to save us.
　　"Ge Hua: Chief, only Ge Shen.
　　〃〃Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: They were caught by the system.
　　"Ge Hua: People are posting.
　　"" The husband meets the old rules of Dajie: Zhenjiang people are ecstatic,,,
　　"Ziwei Sage Zhao Mang: Ge Hei was staring at him.
　　"" Pueraria lobata: Ge Hei is also a Pueraria lobata flower.
　　
　　648. The vast sea of ??people: Why do some people become Internet philosophers?
　　Falsification (this kind of people are always fantasizing about things that don't exist)
　　The song Yimin, that is, the religious sect, aims to build a gc Christian society. For this reason, the book "＾wordofgod￣s" was published, which is actually a cult of personality worship.
　　""Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: I am Ge Hua and I am Ge Shen's assistant.
　　"Hong Chen Pass: Who is Ge Hua."
　　""Zhuxue and Taxue: Collective term for believers in Geshen.
　　"Siwei Kitchen: The saint has returned from the devil world, and he has found himself.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Huh? ? Is the saint from the devil world? Mei heard Ge Shen mentioned it.
　　"Speaking Kung Fu is the best: What is the name of the novel?
　　""Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: I will tell you when I ask Ge Shen.
　　
　　649. [Ge Hei] Eternal God Selection (980946319): Talking about Ge kami
　　What did you do is at the same level as Master Li.
　　"[GeYiMin II] II (1432676760): Zhao Dan was fired.
　　"Goldcicadaboy: I advise the original poster to leave the god of Ge as soon as possible, that god of Ge will not be the protagonist, and there will be no good results after following him.
　　"Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: But he is obviously the protagonist, he is the protagonist of our Ge Hua.
　　〃〃Tieba user_aXtDPVK: Tell me about yourself, beauties, have you been brainwashed by Ge Shen?
　　"I know for my father: I didn't see anything except the egg, maybe his sage dream was broken.
　　After 2019, the blow to the gods was not small. Since then, I should have never heard of him talking about becoming a holy,,,
　　〃〃The vast sea of ??people: When you said that, I remembered that the gods used to claim that they became gods on October 1, 19, but they did not become gods as expected, but the gods had to make up some dreams from deceiving people, gods The countdown on the homepage of the website also changed the original date of becoming a god to the date of World Datong. This time, there is no face to see people. And coupled with being summoned that year, I think anyone will collapse in this situation,,,
　　"I know for my father: The most important thing is the doorway he promoted,,,, several saints have been sealed by him,,, there are no more potential customers,,, the loss is extremely huge,,,
　　"" The vast crowd: But even so,,, there should still be some true believers in the gods,,, for example, those who sang Zhenjiang¨s Jinshan,,, used the female celebrity's name as a substitute. ,,, maybe just hired to sing,,,
　　"I know for my father: All of God's fans are deceptive, and many of the students who become Gehua are all pretending to be himself.
　　〃〃The vast sea of ??people: but I don¨t know if the Gehua, whom some of God¨s chat records claim to be true believers, are those who chatted with God and praised him and then became religious. Maybe they were actually here for fun. It may be a true believer, it may be hired with money, it may be God forced to direct and perform itself.
　　"I know for my father: It is very similar to Gangzi¨s wild father certificate,,, as long as you forge a real-name message to him, you can become a certified Gehua,,,
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: That god is really a failure. He is a highly educated scholar at any rate, and graduated from Nantah University. As a result, his religious teachings are not as good as those who are very foolish with the oblique angles, which are too low,,,
　　"I know for my father: He himself said that he used violence to spread the gospel, referring to swiping the screen. This is definitely not fooling anyone, and even the original potential customers will be driven away.
　　〃〃Schlachtkreuzer: Lao Ge's public account now pushes neural excerpts every day. If you count the comments from netizens, I don¨t know that the year of the monkey will be completed.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: He said that "Nervous" must be continuously updated, and maybe only after his spiritual religion is destroyed, the WeChat official account can completely stop updating.
　　
　　650、Zhuxue and Taxue: He said he won't run around anymore
　　No more freedom, no poetry and distance, no more nostalgia for the outside world, if he goes out, he will go out only with your permission or your company. Return her things to her. You can reach a reconciliation. When I came to her, I already gave in, so she gave in and reconciled.
　　〃Lingbajiao:?
　　〃〃Zhuxue and Taxue: Do you have any questions? ? I'm talking to Ge Shen, do you want to talk to Ge Shen too.
　　〃Lingbajiao: Seeing your tweets, it's inexplicable, who ran around?
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: I, I ran around, I am Ge Hua, I am not willing to run around Ge Shen, and sent a fine to me, Ge Huaxin is so tired.
　　〃Lingbajiao: Haha, what kind of story is this?
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: In short, my Gehua was cleaned up because of disobedience, trouble, and running around. It was cleaned up, and it is still locked up. Only my uncle can let me out. I'm talking to him.
　　〃Lingbajiao: Haha, who is the uncle?
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Uncle, maybe it's Ge Shen.
　　〃Lingbajiao: Just to ask you who Ge Shen is.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: You don't even know him? ? Are you living on the earth? ? Go to Baidu.
　　"Ziwei Sage Zhao Mang: Chief Ge Hua.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Ge Hua's heart is very tired.
　　Ge Hua, I lost my soul. I'm learning how to call my soul.
　　The big deal is that she will go back and chant the flesh body as a ** soul, which can control everything remotely.
　　"Lin Yuying Fan 78: )
　　""Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: I will confess to Ge Shen again.
　　
　　651、Xiao Bai Mr_White: Do you have supernatural powers? Why follow Ge Shen?
　　"Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: God Ge is my idol and the only true god in my heart.
　　Xuanwu and Ge Shen's words, it's better to have Xuanwu spiritual power a little bit stronger, the saints in the bar are basically done by the saints.
　　In the bar, these saints, except for God Ge, are basically the "daughter of destiny", or they are subordinates.
　　Let's see which of these two is a saint.
　　They all say that they are saints, let's see which one is.
　　"" Surcharge open: support Chen Sheng, support the theory of time and space fluctuations.
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: Haha, it's in vain, it's useless, not as good as Geshen and Liaoyuan, who have the ability to destroy the world.
　　"" Surcharge open: Did Ge Sheng and Liao Sheng fight in the spirit world for three days and three nights?
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: It seems to be hahaha, I think I am very promising with them, and I am very proud of Gehua.
　　Ge Shen and Liaoyuan will lead us to the light.
　　"" [GeYiMin II] II (1432676760)
　　Ge Shen is an appraised progressiveist.
　　〃〃The Second World 2021-3-14 18:44:29
　　Someone asked you where you have improved
　　〃GeYiMin 2021-3-14 18:44:54
　　Three stories taller than him.
　　〃〃[Anonymous] Luo Han Guo 2021-3-14 18:46:26
　　Ge Yimin is three stories higher than Ge Biao, two stories higher than Yang Fan, one story higher than the mysterious man,,,
　　
　　652. Mr_White: You actually worship a man as a god.
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: Hahahaha, isn't that behind Ge with a god? How can you say that he is a person, haha.
　　""Ziwei saint Zhao Mang: Do you want to be debuted?
　　〃Zhuxue and Taxue: I am also studying Ge Shen, Liaoyuan, and Chen Shaohua. I will also be called a sacred sage. Please call me a sacred bamboo in the future.
　　"Ziwei saint Zhao Mang: How dare you compare Ge Shen with others?
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: Haha Liaoyuan is also very good. As Gehua, I have to upgrade, so let's be a trainee bamboo sage. What do you think of Geshen.
　　
　　653. Mr_White: What is so amazing about Ge Shen?
　　"Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: Ge Shen knows how to write ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"" Post Bar User_7PNMMGD: If they were saints, would they be painless and itchy in the Post Bar every day? The audience is too small.
　　"Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: Haha, I heard Ge Shen said that he is going to Beijing.
　　I also want to learn from God Ge, Liaoyuan, Chen Shaohua, etc. to be sacred.
　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: The poster spreads hype about criminals who have been convicted by the court of Jingkou District, Zhenjiang, and promotes crimes. He also spread that he was going to Beijing, what would he do in Beijing?
　　〃Zhuxue and Taxue: What? ? Crime hahaha.
　　
　　654, XEQZGFRUMLK: The poster spreads the hype country
　　Criminals convicted by statutory law in Zhenjiang Jingkou District Court preached crimes.
　　"Ziwei Sage Zhao Mang: Ge Heihuiyunsheng.
　　"" XEQZGFRUMLK: Your gang has entered a mutual harm mode. You use each other, deceive each other, report each other, frame each other, and do not hesitate to take each other to death if you encounter investigations. .
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: Hahaha said it was true, I thought it was true, hahaha.
　　Ge Shen, come on, this guy is damaging you.
　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: You can consult and verify.
　　You thought it was right, it was true.
　　〃Zhuxue and Taxue: Hahaha I won¨t consult haha.
　　""Ziwei saint Zhao Mang: This thing touches porcelain everywhere. The other is Ge Hua, be careful that he asks you for money.
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: Haha shiba.
　　"" XEQZGFRUMLK: What is the use of Ge Shen ＾wordofgod￣?
　　"[Anonymous] Judge 2021-3-19 14:11:12
　　I'm making up again, it's time to kill
　　"" [Group Leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 15:04:35
　　Neurovision books are real dreams.
　　
　　655, the vast sea of ??people: Tell me why I would be more interested in Yang Fan and GeYiMin.
　　GeYimin, although it is a cult flying, but its god net has collected all his evaluations together, which makes it better for others to investigate him, but the information provided by god net is true and false, pay attention to distinguish. And it is also one of the Internet philosophers that individuals can directly contact now. Yun Jie said that they will be blacked out. Strongart and He Wentao will also black out the glass heart. Ge Yimin will not care if he is scolded. At most, he will repeat "You do not believe in ＾wordofgod￣s," We are very embarrassed if we refuse to die again" (but it's more like Ge Hua's counterattack rather than Ge Shen's counterattack). I contacted with QQ and had great fun, but he has lied to me three times so far.
　　Yang Fan, his creative words and words are very interesting in themselves, and they are still a veteran Internet philosopher who has been enjoyed from the classical and vulgar era to the present, and his activity is still undiminished, and his style is changeable, so it is for individuals to discover them. The value of ancient photos and medieval times is much higher than that of other Internet philosophers. Most of Yunjie's photos are only self-portraits from an angle. Although the shape of the silky shape is changeable, the appearance is very poor. The situation of Zhao Kexun and the silky shape are very similar. It¨s wherever the black skin is. To be honest, this behavior, except for Gejia¨s posting of zombies, does not really have that behavior on other Internet philosophers.
　　"Known for my father: about gym deception. God posted a post on the 15th of this month claiming that he had dreamed of a sandstorm. It was a coincidence.
　　"" SzMithrandir: There is a kind of "anti-cute" in the god of song. In the case of most Internet philosophers are fw, he was admitted to Nantah, and he also participated in the walk that took place on Zhang Tianshi's birthday, which is really incredible.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: The walk that Geshen participated in actually seems to have left ahead of schedule. In addition, I found that Geshen has also specially opened a photo for all my related creations for the fifth season.
　　"" [GeYiMin II] II (1432676760) 2021/3/19 19:53:37
　　How did God predict the sandstorm in Beijing?
　　"[Group Leader] GeYiMin (50914333) 2021/3/19 19:54:25
　　Wee dreams. See the news during the day
　　"" [GeYiMin II] II (1432676760) 2021/3/19 19:55:59
　　Miracles!
　　
　　656, the vast sea of ??people: miscellaneous pictures of songs and billions.
　　"Flame Fox: A paper that is comparable to a wheel paper, will it really not be caught (unexplained)?
　　〃〃The vast crowd: If you know that Zhiwang also has this thing and its personal website actually has public security records, you will probably know if you have entered, but he has entered twice, and it is also in his book "Nervous" write.
　　"MJKMNSS: Where does Ge Yimin live now?
　　〃〃SzMithrandir: Although he didn¨t stay in Beijing for a few days, he actually started participating in activities in Nanjing on April 15th. There is no record after he left Beijing, but it seems that Ge is still very involved in this sports meeting. Active, and if we don¨t talk about it, I¨m afraid the number will be gone.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: Yes, what I am talking about here is that he left before the date of the incident. He went back to Nanjing on the afternoon of May 22nd.
　　〃GeYiMin 2021/3/13 15:55:27
　　[The vast sea of ??people: Well, I remember that the god has a "depression" mental certificate, but I don't know if it just happens to be the thing he always shows off. ]
　　This is what you faked and sold Baiyunsheng, right? There are still a few on the desktop of my computer
　　II 2021/3/13 19:35:45
　　Not sold
　　II 2021/3/13 19:35:49
　　Self-issued
　　GeYiMin 2021/3/13 19:37:55
　　Why are you forging this?
　　II 2021/3/13 19:38:07
　　Reviews.
　　II 2021/3/13 19:38:22
　　Original Author Xiaomi
　　GeYiMin 2021/3/13 19:38:23
　　I say pictures
　　II 2021/3/13 19:38:34
　　Made by Xiaomi
　　GeYiMin 2021/3/13 19:38:50
　　How can you make a desktop?
　　II 2021/3/13 19:38:51
　　Archives left before, a few of the three hundred
　　II 2021/3/13 19:39:27
　　Which one is specific?
　　GeYiMin 2021/3/13 19:39:48
　　How many copies do you have?
　　II 2021/3/13 19:41:18
　　Which ones are specific
　　II 2021/3/13 19:41:22
　　Too much to remember
　　GeYiMin 2021/3/13 19:41:53
　　They all saw it at station B
　　II 2021/3/13 19:42:39
　　Didn't post it?
　　II 2021/3/13 19:42:47
　　It seems that Ge Hei¨s work is reprinted again.
　　
　　657. The vast sea of ??people: As the saying goes, "literati are lighter than men"
　　The same is true in the world of Internet philosophers, they evaluate each other, attack, insult and curse each other. For example, the beautiful and strong bull's various views on Ge Shen, etc., which is quite a pity. In fact, I am a little guessing what it would be like if they could unite together to form an alliance of Internet philosophers.
　　To give a hypothetical example, the Ge family posted a zombie (mostly GeYiMin II) in the Shepherd Yunjie Bar to promote his religious thoughts, and then some netizens attacked Ge Shen in this post, and the zombie post will only reply and repeat at this time" Dingtie dog, Nima exploded" and "You don't believe in ＾wordofgod￣s and don't want to die, we are very embarrassed." After hearing the news, Zhang Tianshi would specially award this bar friend the title of "American Heroic Star Champion" and include him in the "Ten Reversal Passers List (that is, the Night Butterfly Certificate)". The former may be returned to Zhang Tianshi. Will specially record a video show, and then continue to insult and attack this bar friend; Yang Fan will also take a screenshot of the bar friend¨s reply, and then hang it in his own dynamic and personal group chat for criticism. This is the debut of Chuangxiang, and I intend to do this. Friends caused a mental blow. Then Zhao Kexun and He Wentao also attacked this bar friend one after another. Regardless of whether they look harmless to humans and animals, it is still more poisonous to scold people, as cruel as they are. Zhang Yunjie and Zheng Liang took the opportunity to select this bar friend. The former is a "black spray night boy" and the latter is a "junk white-collar worker". Among them, Zheng Liang may even ask for an appointment because he lives close to this bar friend, but Zheng Liang may still break his promise in an instant, and Zhuge Liang afterwards. Then Wang Keren has been instilling a different kind of alien theory for him, hoping to achieve complete brain control, but the effect is very small. From now on, this bar friend may be put by Qian Baosheng as a villain in the Sin Pujiang Language C game, winning with spirit. I suspect that the names of the people listed in the C game come from his real friends and relatives. It's a pity that Dazhe Silky and Lan Zhi are not very good. Once they attack them, they may ask other Internet philosophers to help them attack, and they will be blacked out by them.
　　"The Wolf of Jie Gong_5zn: Internet philosophers all have pretentious problems. It is normal to look down upon each other, and alliances are never possible.
　　"I know for my father: In fact, Wang Jing is quite tolerant to gym,,,
　　"" Hand: I have been in, but I have been educated and then released. I have not reached the level of conviction.
　　Then your speech was perfectly included by Ge Fen~
　　
　　658、It's a big deal: There are still some true believers in the gods, right?
　　For example, those who sang on Jinshan in Zhenjiang,,, used the names of female celebrities in their nicknames,,,, maybe they were just hired to sing,,,
　　"Knowing for the father: God later admitted in the group chat that he hired him,,, it took a few thousand,,,
　　""Ge Shen: This is the result of the second world's communication in my name. His QQ name is "GeYiMin", and his avatar is the same as mine. I saw several places and others regarded him as me.
　　In Zhenjiang¨s Jinshan, only Zhou Haimei¨s version is professionally good, and Brigitte Lin¨s version can be said to be ugly. You can¨t spend money to find good ones? Besides, I'm the same as my second brother Susu, third brother Sisi, and fourth brother Cai Cai. I have always been a poor god.
　　You can think of it as being sung by netizens, but they don¨t have certain beliefs and can¨t sing (sing, record, upload to me).
　　There is also the problem of naval forces. Only the second generation can barely count as naval forces. Except for me, he is the normal netizen.
　　The second generation pretended to be me, but it was kind, although I suspect that he forged a depression certificate and sold Ge Heihuiyun for 50 yuan.
　　Someone in Pin Cong pretended to be me and made me drink tea. For the specific plot, please refer to the neuropolitics book.
　　
　　659、I don't want Zhao Yazhi to ask God Ge to spend money?
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/3/22 20:27:50
　　Netizen
　　‐GeYiMin II／The Second World (1432676760) 2021/3/22 20:28:01
　　Then you say that one is invited.
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/3/22 20:28:11
　　No
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/3/22 20:28:25
　　Just 2 people are professional and nice
　　‐GeYiMin II／The Second World (1432676760) 2021/3/22 20:28:39
　　Contradicted with ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/3/22 20:28:51
　　Scripture?
　　‐GeYiMin II／The Second World (1432676760) 2021/3/22 20:30:15
　　You said there was someone who you asked someone to sing, maybe he thought it was you who spent the money.
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/3/22 20:33:10
　　I told others to sing. Others are netizens
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/3/22 20:34:07
　　Of course, the relationship is good, a little believer, otherwise, who would sing?
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/3/22 20:34:57
　　For example, if you ask a netizen to sing your praise song, no one is willing
　　‐GeYiMin II／The Second World (1432676760) 2021/3/22 20:35:20
　　Great
　　‐GeYiMin II／The Second World (1432676760) 2021/3/22 20:35:25
　　He misunderstood
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/3/22 20:35:27
　　Thousands, should be what you said
　　‐GeYiMin II／The Second World (1432676760) 2021/3/22 20:35:35
　　Post it now you can block others
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/3/22 20:35:42
　　Great
　　‐GeYiMin II／The Second World (1432676760) 2021/3/22 20:35:43
　　I did not say
　　‐GeYiMin II／The Second World (1432676760) 2021/3/22 20:35:56
　　This rumor was first made by Ge Shen III
　　‐GeYiMin II／The Second World (1432676760) 2021/3/22 20:36:02
　　Unexpectedly, there are still people who believe it.
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/3/22 20:43:37
　　This is Liu Xin who sings. He is younger and speaks Mandarin like an announcer.
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/3/22 20:43:39
　　591. Ge Hua Liu Xin: Ge Yimin, do you have to want me to be your subject?
　　Ge Hua Liu Xin 09:15:56
　　I don't want to have anything to do with you, because you are a dangerous person, if in the future your faith appears to be extreme and you enter the demon sect. Then my recordings and text will prove that I am an accomplice and follower. It doesn¨t matter if I live or die. If it hurts my family, I will regret it in my life, and I will be better than death. Even if I die, I am ashamed of them.
　　Ge Hua Liu Xin 09:16:16
　　Unless you leave your church, it¨s impossible, I know
　　Ge Hua Liu Xin 09:16:56
　　When I saw my voice uploaded on your space, I knew that our relationship was over
　　Ge Hua Liu Xin 09:17:01
　　Forget me,
　　Ge Yimin 09:18:53
　　Light, don't be afraid, I don't engage in organization.
　　Ge Hua Liu Xin 09:22:23
　　I'm scared i'm really scared
　　Ge Hua Liu Xin 09:26:35
　　Why don¨t you look for so many Chinese women, you just look for me? I¨m just a very ordinary woman.
　　Ge Hua Liu Xin 09:29:55
　　How many talented and beautiful women are there in the world, do you know how many?
　　Ge Hua Liu Xin 09:30:03
　　What am i like
　　Ge Hua Liu Xin 09:36:57
　　You haven't noticed
　　Ge Hua Liu Xin 09:37:10
　　Digging can definitely dig
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/3/22 20:45:26
　　The voice she said is on the Golden Mountain of Zhenjiang
　　‐GeYiMin II／The Second World (1432676760) 20:50:04
　　Great
　　‐GeYiMin II／The Second World (1432676760) 20:50:13
　　Must refute the rumors
　　‐GeYiMin II／The Second World (1432676760) 20:50:25
　　Otherwise others always think you are a cult
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 20:51:09
　　A cult, no matter who defines it, is what kind of organization, I have no organization, and I can't talk about a cult.
　　‐GeYiMin II／The Second World (1432676760) 20:52:08
　　Great
　　‐GeYiMin II／The Second World (1432676760) 20:52:13
　　Others think you are a scam
　　‐Group Leader／Ge Yimin (50914333) 20:57:40
　　How to deceive?
　　‐GeYiMin II／The Second World (1432676760) 20:58:22
　　ID "knows for the father" says that your dreams are all fake.
　　‐Group Leader／Ge Yimin (50914333) 21:08:03
　　Vision books are real dreams, and ＾wordofgod￣s are based on them. Fake dreams and ＾wordofgod￣s are of no value. What have I been doing all my life?
　　‐Group Leader／Ge Yimin (50914333) 21:09:40
　　If the fake dream is pretended to be a different dream, you can't defraud money.
　　‐Group Leader／Ge Yimin (50914333) 21:10:58
　　"" Knowing for my father: Jieba¨s zombie seems to be God Ge himself
　　I have never been to Jie, right?
　　‐GeYiMin II／The Second World (1432676760) 21:11:53
　　Zhang Di, right?
　　‐Group Leader／Ge Yimin (50914333) 21:13:24
　　This is often considered outstanding. Zhang Jie has it himself, he was blocked long ago
　　‐Group Leader／Ge Yimin (50914333) 21:15:22
　　Insulting Jie, just talk about the flute, so that it will not be misunderstood
　　‐GeYiMin II／The Second World (1432676760) 21:16:16
　　I've been to the flute bar.
　　‐Group Leader／Ge Yimin (50914333) 21:40:34
　　Headquarters, it¨s fast update, it¨s not as big as it is
　　‐Ge Yimin／The Second World (1432676760) 21:40:46
　　They are all mental patients.
　　‐Ge Yimin／The Second World (1432676760) 21:40:49
　　Baidu specialty.
　　‐Group Leader／Ge Yimin (50914333) 21:41:07
　　The sage circle is hot, there is no one in the internet philosopher circle, and the flute bar has no new posts
　　‐Ge Yimin／The Second World (1432676760) 21:41:22
　　The Internet philosopher circle is now half-dead
　　‐Ge Yimin／The Second World (1432676760) 21:41:36
　　The mental illness of the sage circle is not felt
　　‐Group Leader／Ge Yimin (50914333) 21:42:01
　　The flute bar is not as good as the vast dynamics
　　‐Ge Yimin／The Second World (1432676760) 21:42:11
　　Post it, not now
　　‐Ge Yimin／The Second World (1432676760) 21:47:39
　　There are no newcomers in the headquarters, there are dozens of faces back and forth, and the fake popularity of posting posts every day.
　　‐Ge Yimin／The Second World (1432676760) 21:47:44
　　There are actually more than a dozen people
　　
　　660. The vast sea of ??people: Which one of the Internet philosophers will you comment on?
　　Who is better in terms of appearance description?
　　Ge Yimin: Yesterday, I was going to sleep, but I suddenly remembered Chen Gang (Xu Qian), so my sleepiness disappeared. When I think of meeting for the first time, just after school, I like to meet new friends. I saw him at a glance. His hair grew a bit and covered his ears. But when he shook his head, he could see the white, tender and slightly transparent ears, and he was wearing a white shirt. , I was of moderate build, and when he turned his head, I was drunk, his face was like a painting, his hair was divided, and his forehead was like a mirror. His white and tender face is round and square, without a beard, with white lips and red nose, with a beautiful nose, with autumnal eyes and red eyebrows. It is very beautiful. From the side, it can be seen that his white teeth are all present when he talks. Showy and charming, there is only one old saying that can be described: "The eyes are full of autumn water and the pupils live, and the heart is alive and clear." Walking is extremely free and easy. Not forgetting to see, crazy thinking. He likes every movement and every clothes. When I think about it day by day, I think about it all day and night. And then I really shouldn't, but sighed for nothing.
　　"Infinite White: I voted for gym, after all, I have read books.
　　〃〃Lapis_YSJ: Wangzhe's unique writing style.
　　〃The official heart: gym
　　〃〃THY_SIN: gym
　　〃Pigeon explosion: yf is like a primary school student's composition, zyj is like an online essay that suits my taste, gym is good but a little literary.
　　〃〃Fujisawa Aya: Gym, it¨s definitely the best when it comes to funny...
　　〃The vast sea of ??people: Signed at station B
　　There will always be an eighteen-year-old girl, and you grow old day by day. (＾wordofgod￣)
　　
　　661. The vast sea of ??people: In fact, I feel that gym is about its gods.
　　Still feel a little guilty.
　　It has always claimed that the religion does not engage in organization, so it cannot be regarded as a cult. But in fact, cults are not only composed of organizations. They are mainly composed of extreme personal worship and spreading false opinions. The religion is like this. I think Songshen should not find this reason to prevaricate. It is recommended that you stop being obsessed with it, and Geshen also said that he is a poor man, so the essential purpose of his establishment of the religion is actually to make money. If the goal is not achieved, what kind of world harmony and gc society will he do? Moreover, his self-deception is also evident. The 19 years he said of becoming a god is not true.
　　And he even posted a link to his website on his own wall. This phenomenon can be seen in some of his live broadcasts, but he claims that his wife and son do not participate in religious religion, and his son does not believe in religion, but his son 18 During the year, he was often active in Tieba, and Chunfang seemed to use smartphones. They couldn¨t be curious to type in the website links, but I didn¨t remember their views on the religion and so on.
　　There was a Gehua before, who sang to the singer, and then left. Geshen persuaded her not to organize. Moreover, I seemed a little flustered and labeled "good" as "light." According to my understanding of the song god, under normal circumstances, I really won't make mistakes.
　　"Ge Yimin: It is the definition of the National People's Congress of our country. What kind of organization is a cult. No matter what one thinks, one can never be a cult. This is true in ancient and modern my country and abroad. There is no cult of one person.
　　My second brother Susu, third brother Sisi, and fourth brother Caicai are all poor. Are they all for profit?
　　During this period, several dreams have become gods.
　　Of course, my wife and children know that I write ＾wordofgod￣s to make a god network, but they don't participate.
　　Ge Hua Liu Xin, whose name is Zhang Xiaoguang, has the chat record in front of ＾wordofgod￣.
　　"For the father to know: I am very curious about what God thinks about my propaganda position, and I go to my own peers to post the troublemakers.
　　
　　662. Every day of the sword war: Is gym gay?
　　"The vast sea of ??people: this is one of the gym high school diaries. The so-called Xu Qian is actually a woman who is always at the gym. As for why it is "he" because there was no "she him" at that time, it is not yet common use.
　　"Ge Yimin: It became common in the Republic of China. It was invented by Liu Bannong. Women began to oppose it, thinking that it was discriminatory, but it was really easy to distinguish between male and female. Like English, it was accepted.
　　I didn¨t have any contact with girls in high school, and I didn¨t dare to write Xu Qian in my diary. I named her Chen Gang, a boy, and I will call her Chen Jun (in the diary), but Wang Qun I will also call it Chen Jun (in the diary).
　　The reason is probably because I am afraid that others will see the diary. I put it under the desk.
　　
　　663、Why are you here?: If you have a father, you must have a son.
　　I found that some of Biaozi's performance is quite similar to his father.
　　One of the aliases gym gave itself is "geyimin1969", and Biaozi also used a similar name "gebiao1994".
　　Gym claims to be a "Christian gcist Internet religious thinker" and established the Theocratic Party. Once someone gives him advice, he immediately doesn't listen to it, and is obsessed with the unrealistic world unity; Biao Zi also thinks of himself Singing is very good, and I often post videos of my singing on the Internet, but most of the works are very ugly and have incomplete pentagrams. Other netizens gave Biaozi their opinions and immediately expressed dissatisfaction. It is no wonder that he participated in the Chinese New Song Shenghai in 18 years. I was not selected at the time of the election, and the five finalized by the gym personally are the best.
　　Gym likes to send its own religious thoughts to the sage circle and the Internet philosopher circle for violent preaching, that is, to screen. Biaozi always screens his singing videos in the Tieba football circle, which always embarrass the bar friends.
　　In my impression, Biaozi seemed to have scolded a certain bar friend together with his dad on the post bar, just like Zhao Kexun and Zhao Dalong. But the gym himself said that in addition to the screen in the post bar, there is also GeYiMin II's brush. The so-called II is actually the heir of the gods, and the II often pretends to be the Geshen ID. Maybe it's just the second world and Biaozi scolded together. I feel that the fact that the gym hired the navy has yet to be confirmed. I don't think the gym has the money to hire the navy, it's all about him and the second generation.
　　
　　664. I inherited Jesus, Marx, and Nietzsche.
　　When Jesus was alive, he only brought a few believers to spread the gospel, and he was unorganized and organized. After his death, he was enlarged by Paul and called God.
　　Marx wrote his book and published his thoughts. As the leader of the First International, he is also ideological. It is not an organizational leader, but someone else. After his death, he was revered as a mentor by the rising communists of various countries. (Social development has reached the age of the rise of communism.)
　　Nietzsche's book was just an individual, not to mention an organization, but was discovered after death-called a great philosopher.
　　None of them are playhouses, nor am I.
　　"The Big Five: Then they are all unobserved in their lives, and they are not discovered until after their deaths to be widely known.
　　Will it be the same for you? After you die, the world will preach the gospel of Yimin.
　　"Ge Yimin: Jesus had only dozens of believers before his death, spread the gospel, can not make money, rely on women to help, when he died, these dozens of disciples all fled. After the resurrection, the disciples were reunited firmly, Paul even preached to the Gentiles, and Rome was designated as the state religion before spreading to Europe and the world.
　　Marx, who wrote so many books, such as Das Kapital and the Communist Manifesto, was not profitable, four children starved to death, three, and his wife depended on Engels to help.
　　Nietzsche, who was impoverished all his life, wrote so many philosophy books and couldn't make a profit. One day, he saw the coachman beating his horse with a whip, and he went completely mad. Relying on his sister to take care of him, he survived the last ten years of useless time.
　　I am different from them, because with the Internet, ideas can spread quickly, even to everyone.
　　In addition, the times have improved after all, and I am a little skeptical. Some people have read my diary before I posted it on the Internet.
　　〃The big five rustles: You usually wait for multiple online platforms to update continuously on the post bar. Did you post it yourself or the second generation? Some people think that you are hiring a navy army and rushing up.
　　"" Ge Yimin: All platforms are updated by myself, which is the platform on the official website navigation lj, mainly my own mirror website, copy and paste, and post it soon.
　　The second world is mainly in the post bar, or a few extranets.
　　If there is no other army, if someone posts, it is normal netizen posting.
　　"The Big Five: So, in other words, you have never hired a navy army, right?
　　"" Ge Yimin: Only the second generation, gave money, January 30 or 40, can't remember how many times in total, others did not.
　　"Five Big Sas: Then, for the domain name of this website, Gegod, why suddenly there is a Google ad below it? Did you call it?
　　"" Ge Yimin: Just hit, and sometimes the amount of visits can be.
　　"The Big Five: Why did you put this advertisement?
　　"" Ge Yimin: Of course, you can get some advertising fees.
　　This is true for websites with a certain amount of traffic.
　　In the past, Google took 100 US dollars and Baidu took several hundred dollars.
　　"Five Great Sacrifices: I would like to ask you to establish the essence of the religion to make the people happy, the world is united, and thus come to the era of happy family.
　　Or is it just under the name of "communist Christian society", secretly fornicating and accumulating wealth? Regardless of believers.
　　"" Ge Yimin: The former is to build a communist society.
　　I didn't meet any female netizens. The only two I met, one I met on QQ chat, and one I met on NetEase dating, were all Zhenjiang netizens, and they were older than me.
　　Only Zhu Huaibing has donated 20 yuan, and his ＾wordofgod￣s are recorded.
　　My wife is ill, and netizens raise money. This is not a dedication.
　　Because there is no organization, "believers" (with quotes) are loose.
　　"Five Great Sacrifices: In addition, your religious religion only propagates ideas and does not engage in organization. Are you sure you are playing games like playing houses?
　　
　　665. The vast sea of ??people: gym miscellaneous pictures, carefully look through gym's
　　Some videos with pictures (such as gym2020) will always have unexpected discoveries. Among them, there are some pictures of the mental certificate of severe depression of gym, but according to the recent chat records of Shenqun, this is actually the work of Ge Hei Xiaomi. ?
　　Ask another question. Is there a true believer in Shenxian? Some of the Gehua albums provided by him are his classmates. The YouTube channel and some sites of Shen.net have very few hits. The praise song is more like a netizen sang him, but I don¨t know it. Are there any true believers among the original more than 10,000 fans on Weibo? I feel that there are still very few true believers in the gods, and most of them come for fun.
　　"For the father to know: Post it may have it.
　　I remember that there are speeches from true believers in the fairy group chat.
　　"" Zhu official heart: Ge Chi.
　　
　　666. YY Live determines that the nickname "Ge Yimin" is illegal
　　Forced to change the name, now I changed it to "gegodcom"
　　"Deyang himself: Poetry and distance are not as good as truth.
　　Writing a book is more important than propaganda.
　　Netizens write too many books, and no one reads them without publicity.
　　Hello Zhuxue, Satan is a tool of God, and everything is in God's hands.
　　The truth is a communist society, where everyone is equal.
　　Is your main god Satan? Cher. Satan is a tool of God, created by God, in order to test man spiritually.
　　Cher, did you delete so many posts that you reply to me?
　　We don't think that Satan is the opposite of God.
　　＾wordofgod￣ Twelve 28. All sins are allowed by God to be ordered by God.
　　29. Satan, a good student of God, endures humiliation and works with God.
　　
　　667. The vast sea of ??people: In the world of netizens, as the mother or wife of netizens
　　They are often the most normal people, but it is a pity that they show up with father and son with abnormal brains.
　　Hu Chunfang is the wife of God of Songs and the mother of Biaozi. Songshen is very conceited, and so is Biaozi. But fortunately, they seem to be normal in real life, so the family lives in real life relatively well. However, in June 2018, Hu Chunfang suddenly fell ill. At this time, God of Song and Biaozi were both in the post bar, and Biaozi stopped his ＾wordofgod￣s at this time, but the God of Song was still nervous and hired on the Internet. The Shui Army posted a post in the Post Bar. The economic situation of Geshen¨s family was not good, and the trouble of Geshen made the family financial situation even worse. During Chunfang¨s illness, Yimin even tried to record her face for the first time in preparation for preaching. I don't know what to say. Fortunately, Chunfang succeeded in recovering later. In addition, the god of song now also broadcasts live on YY live broadcast from time to time, the room number is "1352981545".
　　
　　Chapter 668: Big Brother Regrets Young Master: About the Dark History of the Geshen Cult
　　Ge Shen was sentenced about twenty years ago because he previously named himself Ge Shen. Who thought it would come out in 15 years, and then continue to spread. This time it is estimated that there will be no time to escape. Haha.
　　Ge Shen cult this stuff. It is scum. An annoying cult.
　　"Ziwei saint Zhao Mang: Ge Shen has never been formally sentenced before, and there may be one in the future.
　　"Brother Gu regrets the young master: I hope he can be sentenced indefinitely. No harm.
　　For the people. This person must end badly. I will never let him go.
　　kill him.
　　Ask everyone to sentence Ge Cult to life.
　　Let him stay in prison for the rest of his life.
　　Also report me. My heart is just upset.
　　When he reported me. My tears almost stayed.
　　It was blocked by his report for many days before it was used back.
　　I guess. Ge Shen is expected to be sentenced to life, haha
　　Little to say, it's indefinite. It is not an exaggeration to say that it was shot, Geshen cult. Be kind. Estimated to be sentenced to life. Ge Xie.
　　I thought you were a idiot Ge, so just forget it.
　　See your profile picture.
　　"Deyang himself: I mean, I'm a beautiful woman, and Ge is a man.
　　"" Brother Gu regrets the young master: I recently saw Ge and I really hate it.
　　I'm sorry.
　　I saw Ge and wanted to kill him. I have hatred for him. He reported my number last time. Has been blocked.
　　He thought he was great.
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: Nervous Chicken Cry (picture).
　　
　　669、The vast crowd: Let¨s talk about what I call Zhongwangzhe.
　　Under certain circumstances, I will call them by their real names, but I sometimes call them aliases. But you can also share the call method.
　　Ge Yimin, because his name has been banned, I often call him by his alias "gym", "ge billion people", and "Ge (ge) god". The slanderous name is "Ge Zhu".
　　"Knowing for my father: Ge Bi,,,
　　〃〃Jiu Yu: Known for a long time the name (comical
　　"No longer anonymous: Haha, where did you go?
　　Isn't there no online indefinite period?
　　"" Brother Gu regrets the young master: It is estimated that Ge Xie was called to drink tea. Haha. He deserves it.
　　"I haven't posted: I'm starting to make sauce again, right?
　　"" Brother Gu regrets the young master: Are you Ge Xie? As long as Ge Xie is defeated, Ge Xie will be brought down. I just continued to get him to a terrible failure. It made him snow-capped mountains worse.
　　He was defeated. I applauded.
　　Am I pouring the paste. No one can control it.
　　Ge Xie must lose. And it must be the day that will never turn back.
　　He hurts people so badly! Not indefinitely. Are those people right?
　　He sealed my number, just continue!
　　Ge Xie, please report a wave.
　　Unwilling to bow to the evil forces.
　　I will set off firecrackers to congratulate Xia Ge Xie for imprisonment forever.
　　
　　670, Brother Gu regrets the young master: That Ge Cult. Dreaming. Return to God
　　There is only one scum. He was finally sentenced and sentenced! He thought I would not bring it up. Go ahead and dream of your spring and autumn. Anyway, there is a chance. You have to kneel down for everyone. What's afraid is that you don't even have the right to kneel down! I don't just want to talk for a lifetime. And I want to record your scum history. Let future generations spit on you. It¨s also good for your descendants to feel your behavior: "How could I have such a bad ancestor. Let posterity be ashamed for you" haha.
　　Don't think that your actions can escape anyone. You can't escape the record of our years!
　　Not only can you not escape legal sanctions. And you can't escape the evil deeds recorded by the years.
　　I remember you, Ge Yimin, the scumbag!
　　"Siwei Kitchen: There is a theory that makes everyone feel reasonable and reasonable.
　　"" Brother Gu regrets the young master: Yes. Yes it is. But Ge Yimin. Everyone knows evil deeds.
　　〃〃Deyang himself: Zhu Xue, I am also myself, @I We will work hard together in Xintiandi.
　　Saint saint, in her early 50s, time does not wait for me.
　　The story king Zhuxue, the true god and creator, has only one, who created the world.
　　We think that there is only one universe, and there are non-universes outside. . . .
　　"Brother Gu regrets the young master: This Ge Cult is estimated to have been sentenced to life. only. punishment.
　　Ge Yimin deserves it.
　　If he didn't report me. Why should I talk like this! He is so harmful. Such people. Little people walk.
　　Useless social scumbags.
　　Go to Hong Kong to publish books. Harming young people's psychology, do you think you can escape?
　　"" Deyang himself: I agree with this sentence: villain behavior.
　　
　　671、I'm sorry, I'm sorry: Ge Yimin's ＾wordofgod￣s are released in Hong Kong
　　It is an evil book. How many young Hong Kong people¨s hearts have been harmed by the evil books created specifically for cults?
　　The psychology of the new generation of Hong Kong young people is the best proof. You can't escape.
　　How many young people in Hong Kong have been harmed by Ge Yimin's book. Some have been destroyed!
　　Don't you feel uneasy in your conscience.
　　"Asia's mouth brother: Have you seen it?
　　"" Brother Gu regrets the young master: What do you think.
　　"Asia's Mouth Brother: Which chapters do you think are cults?
　　"" Brother Gu regrets the young master: Anyway, he is evil. I hate this person.
　　"Asia's mouth brother: Oh, oh.
　　"Deyang himself: There is only one god, there is no space war.
　　"Brother Gu, Young Master: But let's talk about it. The hanging man is also funny.
　　He also said: One hundred thousand Ge spends one hundred thousand soldiers, which feels quite classic. Everyone is laughing!
　　"" Deyang himself: This is a copy of one hundred thousand young men and one hundred thousand soldiers, where did it say? Don't blush so much?
　　"Brother Gu regrets the young master: But he said before. Really awesome. Haha.
　　You can ask other people. Has he ever said this!
　　"" Asia's mouth brother: Was it really caught?
　　"Brother Gu, Young Master: I don¨t know. It is estimated that if he is caught, he will have to be sentenced to life.
　　"" Asia's mouth brother: Not that serious, the law is reasonable.
　　"Brother Gu regrets the young master: He doesn't know how many girls have been killed. It may have been rape, those girls dare not say it. Afraid of shame.
　　"" Asia's mouth brother: There must be real evidence.
　　"Big brother, regret, young master: But I saw those girls crying.
　　I hope to investigate Ge fool carefully.
　　Do you think the hundred thousand Ge Hua and hundred thousand soldiers he used to talk about came from? He said it himself.
　　Fool Ge, where are your hundred thousand eleven thousand soldiers? We want to record your dirty history.
　　"Deyang himself: Yes, this one also advocates foreign teachers, let our bloody descendants of Yanhuang and Huang clear everything on the Internet.
　　"Tieba user_a2J1PyJ: That fool, don't mention him.
　　That guy, PS pictures, they don't know how.
　　
　　672. "Serious Literature" Baidu Top Ten Vulgar Online Philosophy Post Bar
　　I hope Baidu administrators can't ignore it!
　　Seventh place: sage of crape myrtle.
　　Because GeYiMin was blocked by Baidu, the shielding is good, but these people will move here, look at the name of the post, there are still a lot of the existence of the three words GeYiMin!
　　Tenth place: GeYiMin.
　　Has been processed! So happy!
　　"Six Inheritance: Grass.
　　"" Deyang himself: Tieba has no trace of it. It is estimated that the trumpet will be closed forever. I have found that it has an official website, haha, there are many negative textbooks in it, which can be used for thorough criticism.
　　"Zhuan Aiqing Baby: Then he must be cut off by his son and grandson! He has harmed his family, ancestors and descendants, and he will also harm the younger generation of Hong Kong!
　　"Deyang himself: Then we save the young generation of Hong Kong.
　　"Cracking, screaming: awesome.
　　〃〃Liu Lei re-moved: There is no one in this positioning!
　　"Asia's mouth brother: I'm dizzy. If it's true, then the country must conduct a strict investigation. A fool in Tibet was arrested and sentenced for 20 years. Now our country is so good.
　　
　　673. Deyang himself: What we found is the God who created the Creator
　　〃Zhuxue and Taxue: The original spirit of creation? ? ? he? Where is he?
　　"" Deyang himself: Can't say. So you called it: the original spirit of creation.
　　Fool Ge was also paid attention to by the Internet police, and we only have to report.
　　"Big Brother and Young Master: He must go to jail. Otherwise I'm sorry everyone.
　　Deserve it.
　　"" Asia's mouth brother: I heard you say that Ge Fool wants to laugh.
　　"Big Brother and Young Master: Then add blood and let Ge Sha go to jail.
　　"" Asia's mouth brother: Haha.
　　"Deyang himself: For fun, there are more black fans.
　　"" Elder Brother and Young Master: He should go to jail.
　　"Deyang himself: 80% of the time, the post bar is gone.
　　
　　674, liu141016: Not bad, some people believe in books like this
　　At the beginning, I can't stand it...I am a god, and you all must listen to me.
　　"Asia's mouth brother: Hey, no way.
　　"" Award: don't look at it, don't look at it, it will always be a pile of waste paper...
　　"Deyang himself: No waste paper, no physical books, a lot of electronic waste.
　　You can go and observe, all kinds of black words.
　　""Ziwei Saint Zhao Mang: Good God Ge!
　　"Deyang himself: The dog is God Ge, and your family is God Ge.
　　
　　675. SzMithrandi: It¨s been a long time since I went to God.
　　I didn't notice that Shenwang's photo wall was updated again.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: However, the picture network of Shen.com updated only some of Ge Shen's P-picture creations and the messages written to him by his college classmates, without his own photos.
　　〃〃SzMithrandi: Ge will back it up himself, only some of Ge's creations on the site are not downloaded because Ge is too big to download, so he didn't back it up.
　　"" liu141016: You are very interested in him.
　　"Deyang himself: I have one, alas.
　　Where is the legendary Kudzu flower?
　　〃〃Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: Ge Hua no longer dared to claim to be Ge Hua, she had been sealed twice for a total of 14 days. It was because she shouted the God of Ge, it was Ge Hua, and was targeted by the Internet police. Xin Ge Shen should be titled.
　　"Deyang himself: Zhu Xue, you are welcome to join us (it is called Ge Hei).
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: If you don't add it, you don't dare to add it. If you add it, you will be blocked. The Internet police are all staring at me. This broom star made me hold back for half a month.
　　"Deyang himself: You say it is a broom star, it is Ge Hei, we Ge Hei is fine, the Internet police welcome to criticize it.
　　""Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: Yuanshi Tianzun also bothered him, after all, Yuanshi Tianzun was not called a saint in Taoism like that, so he called it a saint. It is estimated that the god of Ge is going to be out of luck.
　　"Deyang himself: Okay, I'm your fan, we approve it thoroughly, and approve it every day! ! ! ! !
　　
　　676、The vast crowd: historical materials missing from other Internet philosophers
　　Geshen, because it has the habit of collecting chat records and dynamics, so Geshen himself will back up the previous historical data, but the collection is incomplete. I found that the inclusion of these things by Geshen still depends on mentality and sensitive reasons. There are He hadn't included the comments himself, but Geshen still included the comments that scolded him. This is probably magnanimous. I think what should be missing are the previous posts and accounts of Geshen, the former is "Yemeiba" and "GeYiminba", and the latter are the original accounts of Geshen "Yemei" and "Saint Yemei". "Ge Yimin" (both have been olives). Some of these contents were originally posted but could not be found, and the missing historical materials should be gone on Tianya, Weibo, and Station B. Another thing is that Geshen seems to have actually used his classmate "Han Qinfen" as the screen name on multiple websites, and the Sina blog number seems to have been taken away. He had backed up both the neural scripture video and the reality video of Geshen himself, but some of Ge's creations in the site were not backed up. In this case, Geshen had to reprint the original link of the video (such as "Xuan Shen Xiafan bb.gym").
　　There are also self-entry entries and writing ＾wordofgod￣ entries that have been used by the olive song god.
　　"Yeh Xue: Ge Yimin, Sogou Encyclopedia, still there.
　　
　　677. The vast sea of ??people: There used to be an online article called "I am the villain"
　　(The author is this watermelon is really big). Gym himself was listed as one of the main characters in the novel, so I turned over the novel. There really is the image of the god of song in this novel, but it is a pity that gym only appeared on the scene. Once there was no part of the scene, but the description of the characters on the scene did not match the text. Maybe the article I was looking for was not the full text version.
　　Ge Yimin's image in this novel is a "city management guard captain", and he is shrewd. One time when I went out on patrol, I saw the wind setting sun that was beaten to pieces by Wang Zhong. Ge Yimin was surprised to see the embarrassed appearance of the wind setting sun. The wind setting sun was beaten like this because he got in touch with Wang Zhong. The bribe under GeYiMin, GeYiMin is naturally very happy. So the wind setting sun has GeYiMin behind and therefore declared war to Wang Zhong again, but the wind setting sun was still beaten by Wang Zhong. GeYiMin was naturally very angry and personally went to fight Wang Zhong, Wang Zhong still relentlessly bluntly attacked GeYMin, GeYMin was angry Medium burn. The impatient GeYiMin pulled out the cross rapier in his waist, but after a while GeYiMin's sword suddenly fell to the ground and did not pick it up, because GeYiMin saw that Wang Zhong could send out a grudge bullet, GeYiMin couldn't help being surprised. Wang Zhong did not continue to attack GeYiMin, since then GeYiMin thought more and more frightened, worried that the forces behind Wang Zhong will be ruthless XX for himself and his relatives... At this moment, after the wind setting sun woke up, he asked GeYiMin for help to deal with Wang Zhong, but Feng Canyang was kicked to the place where Wang Zhong had just hit him with the ancient trick of "butt up and face down, Pingsha Luoyan eating tomatoes", and Feng Canyang had his daydream again. Ge Yimin then said to Wang Zhong: "You can rest assured, son, I will take this careful wind setting sun back to the city management office, to torture him, this matter will stop here." Wang Zhong smiled brilliantly and patted Ge Yimin's Shoulder, then leave.
　　"SzMithrandir: In addition, I found a novel whose author is suspected to be Hubiao. But not sure.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Are you with God now? Did you find him?
　　"Deyang himself: I have found it a long time ago, and have always been there!
　　
　　678. Zhuxue and Taxue: It seems that everything is a foregone conclusion, so let's come.
　　"Deyang himself: Looking forward to the big day.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Is it a big day in Datong? ? Wait, it's still indefinitely, and you have to ask God about the judgment.
　　"Deyang himself: Yes, welcoming the day of the world together.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Is he in Beijing?
　　"Deyang himself: Are you in Beijing? He is in Jiangsu.
　　Nanjing.
　　""Zhuxue and Taxue: God in Nanjing? ?
　　Did he add me to WeChat? ? Waiting for me to find him.
　　〃Deyang himself: I didn¨t add your WeChat account. How much do you have on WeChat?
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: I have a private letter.
　　
　　679, Ge Hua Deng Ziqi: Ge Shen
　　Ge Yimin:
　　Hello there
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　[Animated Emoji]
　　Ge Yimin:
　　so funny
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　May I ask Ge Shen
　　Ge Yimin:
　　Strange, you added it, the phone number reply, no more
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Your old man is free to inspect work
　　Ge Yimin:
　　Everyday Online Propaganda
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Brother christ
　　Ge Yimin:
　　You from Qingdao
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　no
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Island Youth
　　Ge Yimin:
　　In Qingdao?
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Yes it is
　　Ge Yimin:
　　Good place
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　It turned out to be Ge Dasheng
　　Ge Yimin:
　　Do you go to school or work?
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　go to school
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　I'm less than 15
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　How about you Ge Shen
　　Ge Yimin:
　　Middle school?
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Yep
　　Ge Yimin:
　　I 52
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　I'll be 25 when I'm fine
　　Ge Yimin:
　　There is a high school student in my group
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Oh oh
　　Ge Yimin:
　　You junior high school?
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Are you from Zhenjiang, Nanjing?
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Yes it is
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Third grade
　　Ge Yimin:
　　Zhenjiang
　　Ge Yimin:
　　Why do you think so much?
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　thought? ? ?
　　Ge Yimin:
　　Yes, your post
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　I don¨t seem to be posting much on the post bar, I usually repost it
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Ge Shen, I didn't want to grab the position of Saint with you, don't be angry with me
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Didn't you post a few?
　　Ge Yimin:
　　You reply, Nuwa, God, Lucifer, Michael, Gabriel, piles of
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Shouldn't you know this better than me
　　Ge Yimin:
　　You are a saint
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　I also think yeah, this is what it says is right
　　Ge Yimin:
　　You know so much in the third year of junior high school, and you still organize in your own language
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　I'm Ge Hua, have you forgotten
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　I prefer to write essays
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　This is my strength
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　But what I know is "Only Geshen, only the ＾wordofgod￣s believe in Geshen, get eternal life
　　Ge Yimin:
　　Ge Hua J [Hu Jianjun, male, born in 1991, Anhui]
　　You also fill in
　　Ge Yimin:
　　乞雑10 [Your location]
　　Ge Yimin:
　　This is the second
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Don't fill in
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Just believe in your heart
　　Ge Yimin:
　　Collect your posts
　　it is good
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Because I believe Ge Shen has been targeted by the Internet police and the Ministry of National Security
　　Ge Yimin:
　　There is a reply
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　I don't want to be in big trouble
　　Ge Yimin:
　　You don¨t mean that someone reports it and seals it for 7 days
　　Ge Yimin:
　　I'm all right, because there is no organization
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Look at my circle of friends
　　Ge Yimin:
　　It's okay for the second
　　Ge Yimin:
　　it is good
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　You're okay, i'm okay
　　Ge Yimin:
　　Will not
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　I am a person monitored by the whole world, and the key national surveillance targets must be different from yours.
　　Ge Yimin:
　　Let me see
　　Ge Yimin:
　　You write really well, when were you born? so small
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Born in 2006
　　Ge Yimin:
　　So small, the step daughter is terrible
　　Ge Yimin:
　　You have to collect it and collect it slowly into a book
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Only Ge Shen
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　I don't have great abilities
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　I love to write short stories
　　Ge Yimin:
　　Converged into a book, valuable.
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　I don't have the talent of Ge Shen
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　just forget it
　　Ge Yimin:
　　You have, you are young
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Honestly i'm as old as you
　　Ge Yimin:
　　Goddess
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　No no no
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　There is only one god in the world
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Ge Shen
　　Ge Yimin:
　　You are the same age, male and female gods
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　As long as I don't have the talent of Ge Shen
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　I still prefer to be a kudzu flower
　　Ge Yimin:
　　You are talented, you can be considered a writer, you are so young
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Pull it down
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　I'm not as talented as Ge Shen
　　Ge Yimin:
　　Chat with you, you can rejuvenate.
　　Your posts are, and more importantly, thoughtful.
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Forget it, are you cute
　　Ge Yimin:
　　Generally if you are so big, write a small sentiment, you have a pattern
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Neurological vision book is the classic
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　My 88 years
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Not too small
　　Ge Yimin:
　　That is, it is impossible to have this kind of thought and writing in 2006
　　Ge Yimin:
　　33 years old
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Correct
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　I just want to be a kudzu flower quietly
　　Ge Yimin:
　　Okay, you are an Internet celebrity in the post bar
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Ok
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Just want to be quiet
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Be a Pueraria lobata
　　Ge Hua Deng Ziqi:
　　Nothing more
　　
　　680. The vast crowd: Lao Ge had a website before "Yemei.com"
　　This is another missionary website used by Lao Ge before there does not exist in Shenwang, but this website cannot be accessed now. Yemei.com has some content that Shenwang doesn¨t have, and it is also interoperable with the content posted by Lao Ge¨s original Tieba account "Mei Hei", "Anti-Ye Mei Alliance" and "Ye Mei". Among them, "Mei Hei" is used. The avatar is a picture of Gehua on Yemei.com. Therefore, the value of Yemei.com's excavation is not much worse than that of Shenwang. You can use the Internet Archives to investigate.
　　And what has always made me curious is how Yimin Jun's attitude towards his son Biaozi is. Jun Yimin said that his son knows the religion, but does not believe in the religion and does not participate. Yiminjun tried his best to avoid his son when he included netizens¨ speeches. Some of Biaozi¨s comments were also not included in Yiminjun. However, some of Yiminjun¨s videos with pictures "gym2020" and "gym false information" also contain Biaozi. One of the photos of Biaozi was a photo of Biaozi participating in the Chinese New Songs Audition, and the other was a photo of Biaozi's profile face. Moreover, some people pointed out that the Ge family¨s zombies also provided information about Biaozi, among which the academic qualifications are still fake. Are the videos and the Biaozi information both good things done by Ge Shen II?
　　In addition, after the last news, Lao Ge told the "Sogou Encyclopedia" that there is an entry for Ge Shen, but I went there and there was no entry. The original "GeYiMin" and "GeYiMinDang" entries are now gone. . This makes me have to doubt Lao Ge's words. All along, I have to help Lao Ge to publicize for free, after all, mentioning him is actually promoting him.
　　In addition, his website used to have a "Ziwei Sage" domain name, but now it can't be accessed, only 20331126 and gegod can be accessed.
　　Signature of Station B: Since ancient times, literati have been inconsiderate, and now on the Internet, everyone is a literati. (＾wordofgod￣)
　　"" Manevil: The saint doesn't care about this life, how much do you know about the world after death?
　　"Ge Yimin: 20331126 World Harmony, immortality.
　　
　　681. The vast crowd: using emoji and kaomoji
　　Ge Shen occasionally uses it when interacting with netizens.
　　"SzMithrandir: In addition, because the song god was banned, it is normal that the entry is gone.
　　I got all the information from Ge Biao Bar at the beginning (although there is no post on that bar now, and the other one was controlled by Ge Hua before), and that person seems to also monitor it. I posted it on station b. They also know the information and pictures of (I saved a snapshot here). In addition, a guy named gym posted a few covers of Ge Biao on youtb.
　　
　　682. The vast sea of ??people: Some Internet philosophers have their own set of linguistic theories
　　Ge Shen, it's normal. Putting aside the gc society and the religious party he talked about all day long, if you tell him that the religion is useless and the religion is essentially a network cult, then Ge Shen would not like to listen. Still refuted according to the statements that "the religion is actually a guise, and my purpose is to build a gc society" and "we are not organized so we are not a cult". However, when discussing some things with him normally, Ge Shen has some unique opinions and insights. He feels that Ge Shen is very good in language skills, and he is also one of the most literary talents in the world of Internet philosophy. The academic qualifications of Nanjing University in the 1980s were not fictitious. If Ge Shen no longer proclaimed himself a god in the circle of Christians and saints more than ten years ago, and did not make some "Ye Mei Jing", he would simply share his literary materials and get along with netizens. Ge Shen might rely on it. This can take off. The path of self-proclaimed god is simply unrealistic, after all, no one bought the "＾wordofgod￣s" published by myself.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: I don't dare to shout the slogan of my brother god, I will be titled as soon as I do.
　　"Deyang himself: We have to criticize it.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Haha, yes, you don't need to be criticized, just hit them directly. Those who can do it will never be noisy.
　　"Baby Huang Yuzhi: Yes.
　　"Deyang himself: Zhuxue's small fist, Zhenjiang, Jiangsu, please.
　　
　　683. The vast sea of ??people: There is hard evidence to be judged, and the god of song is not worthy of being called a "saint" and a "prophet".
　　1. Geshen put some female classmates on the Gehua album without the consent of her classmates.
　　2. In the case of his wife's illness, Geshen used love to raise funds, and still posted it to hire the Shuijun to post. At the same time, some people advised Geshen to give him money as long as he admitted that he was not a god, but Geshen was stubborn. Enlightenment clamored, "Jesus's family also suffered from birth, old age, sickness and death". Later, the song god begged in casual clothes and said "God has trouble too", which shows how pretentious the song god is.
　　3. The prediction was wrong. The year 2001 predicted that 19 years would be the end of the world, but we were fine in 19 years. Songshen¨s prediction is not as good as the Bull Warrior, but he had a dream on March 15 this year: The new crown virus is like a yellow haze in the sky being pushed to the southernmost end of the sky and disappears, and the miracle remains slightly.
　　4. Violent preaching, swiping the religious thoughts in a number of unrelated post bars, affecting the experience of bar friends. And to indulge the second navy army to curse people, such as "Don't you believe in ＾wordofgod￣s, and refuse to die, we are very embarrassed."
　　5. Make everyone believe that he is a god, even eternal life and eternal happiness, extreme personality worship, boasting that the god of song is a saint with almost no shortcomings; spreading the speech of the Christian gc society, but this thought is unprecedented, and it is promoted on the Internet. For a long time, there is no progress in reality, and one of his thoughts is to promote the freedom of X. According to what he said: Is it possible to XXX with a woman with a husband as long as both parties agree? In addition, abusive sex may also spread sexually transmitted diseases, and Geshen's speech does not pass through the brain.
　　6. The true saints look down on fame and wealth, but the god of song claimed to be imprisoned in 2012, he was famous for his hype, and the god of song wrote a series of anti-gravity articles "GeYiMin X Qi Patriotic z", in this series of song god Deliberately publish gravitational remarks to gain attention. And Geshen even took the initiative to put the QR code of his donation on the website of God. Excuse me, does the saint look like this?
　　7. Of course, I also suspect that some dreams of the God of Songs are fake. For example, in 2001, when I dreamed of God when I slept, I have some doubts about it. This is a bit like a cult's common deceit, and The few dreams of becoming a god in October 2019 are also a bit strange. Unless the song god wants to become a god and become a god, he will have this dream on such a coincident day. Maybe the song god has swindled in this regard.
　　Nowadays, the god of song is no different from the general cult leader, and it feels like the god of song is like a normal person when he is young.
　　"Knowing for my father: March 15th was purely an afterthought,,,
　　It¨s also good for gymnasiums to indulge Gefen insulting magic stick
　　""Untitled I: Ge is God
　　
　　684. Ge Yimin: On April 4, YY had just broadcast live for 4 minutes, and just said not to go to the tower
　　The system was forced to go offline, saying that the title violated the rules, so I changed all the information and went to GeYiMin to make the live broadcast successful.
　　"Deyang himself: We Gehei is stronger than Gehua, let Ge Zhu die.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Hahaha Gehei, God, brother Fuxi haha.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: In fact, I have always been curious about the dynamic performance of the song God¨s collection. Are there some more straightforward dynamics that make the song God very embarrassing? He will not record it. The dynamics posted just now" "Iron Evidence Pending Judgment" was only used for experimental purposes, and the results were included. He also included critical content that was not good for him. What kind of content dynamics will he not include? It seems that it will not be included because of the mood and the situation of his family. In addition, it seems that it is possible to contact the god of song through the dynamic form of station B.
　　〃〃Schlachtkreuzer: The bull seems to have a post bar occupied by the army of gods,,,
　　"For my father to know: Ge Shenshi hammered Ge Biao's novel just now, and also condemned a certain Ge Hei.
　　
　　685. Ye Xue: The virgin comment is dedicated to the boundless.
　　Completely swear words are not included, and everything else is included, it is all history.
　　1. There are no female classmates in Ge Hua's list, only Gao Baoling and Fei Jialing are two American female international students. Strictly speaking, they are not my classmates, but university friends.
　　A few of them are my vests, most of them are real netizens, the old ones.
　　2. I didn't hire a navy soldier, Paul Paul volunteered.
　　3. 20191001, multiple dreams have become gods.
　　The new crown virus is like the yellow haze in the sky. It is first to dream, first to post, and then to see the news.
　　4. Screening is for evangelization, without power, power and wealth, only human evangelism.
　　5. Personal worship, firstly self-confession, and secondly it is also needed for evangelization, so is Jesus, proclaiming himself the Son of God, with special emphasis on people believing in him.
　　Sexual freedom, see the famous 66, there is an explanation.
　　6. "GeYiMin X Qi Patriotic z", I have written several articles, it is hard to find on the Internet, where can I see it? Because of anti-gravity, which affects the god network, I deleted it.
　　The meaning of donation is more to let the police see that I am for the money and confuse them.
　　7. All the dreams in the vision book are real dreams. The cornerstone of the religion is false. The religion is false and will not succeed. I deceive myself and others throughout my life, and it is meaningless. .
　　"Ge Yimin: Good Ge Hua, must be forced to be Gehei, in order to speak, praise Ge God is the title, all are going to Ge Yimin, can only curse Ge God, can only reverse the evangelism.
　　"Zixi Shengkai: @蟻剩徭失, you have a lot of vests, all of your vests are just playing a role, self or authenticity.
　　
　　686. Ye Xue: GCZ righteousness, experience basic communism, air communism, scientific communism, more than 200 years
　　The ancestors didn't think it was impractical at that time. Now the conditions are ripe for the two majors (mass socialized production and the Internet revolution), and I am here.
　　The jemei domain name, because of Yemei, is best yemei, but it was squashed and changed to GeYimin geyimin.com. The domain name was useless, and it was sold to the textile factory for 220 yuan.
　　The ziwei saint domain name was abandoned because of the inconvenience of Chinese input.
　　In the Yemei community (I went online in March 2001, made a website in April, and soon became a forum community), there were a lot of netizens. At that time, there were no blogs, no posts, no Weibo, and no short videos or live broadcasts. Forum people a lot of.
　　Ge Biao does not participate in the religion. "Gym2020" and "gym false information" were made by Paul Paul.
　　Sogou Encyclopedia, GeYiMin entry, I just read it, now it's gone, just go to GeYiMin soon.
　　Yes, when you mention me, you are promoting me, no matter what you are.
　　"I'm a big villain". This is a novel written by someone when I dreamed of being a fan of Shenjiying with an online writer. Wang Zhong dreamed of being a fan of Shenji. Some of the characters were later immortal bar masters. This is the original Vest Yexue and I are bar masters. Because his new novel is called "Yongsheng", Shenjiying asked me to buy bar masters and sold them for 1,000 yuan. Because of their slow masters, many people looked forward to it and cost me too much. After a long time, say that I will give the account "Ge Yimin" and give me 2000, but only 1000.
　　I didn't read this novel, and I only saw the one I often searched for, the one you posted.
　　There are also at least 3 novels, who have seen the saint of crape myrtle, have my role.
　　
　　687, the vast sea of ??people: gods, ask a question. Do you have any true believers?
　　"Ge Yimin: It depends on the definition of believers. Because there is no organization, there is no establishment, and of course there are no believers who are registered. However, in the past 20 years, there are still some believers, and the ＾wordofgod￣s can also be seen, especially the testimony of the saints.
　　Singing on the Jinshan in Zhenjiang, the relationship is very good, at least a little believe, only then sing the export. Of course, because of the former, everyone is loose and has been walking around for 20 years. . . PS: System MK7 has repeatedly emphasized 100,000 gods:)
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: Ge, did you have a domain name "godjiao" before? Can't get in now.
　　"Ge Yimin: I registered this domain name for many years, but it was walled, so I had to give it up.
　　〃〃Yesxue: There are too many posts with members named "Ge Hua", too many posts with my avatar, too many posts with profiles of mine, and no one is left.
　　SZ reports here, the ＾wordofgod￣ of the gods network is also updated frequently, at least once a month.
　　"I don't cross the hp: Niu 6 stayed, if in ancient times it is estimated that he would have been OMG.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: I and Yuanshi Tianzun each time the ascension of gods, after the completion of this time, can you give Yuanshi Tianzun some more awards, such as status?
　　Anyway, you can figure it out, for thousands of years this work has always been done by both of us.
　　"Deyang himself: Okay, solemnly canonize you two gods.
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: I don't want to be a god, fame and fortune are never what I want, and there is a seal. I can't see who the enemy is when I get a seal. How dare the devil invade the world? ? ?
　　"Deyang himself: Then solemnly canonize you: Saint Zhuxue. The seal, I tried a solution, and it was all solved.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Okay, Yin quickly withdraw, I want to fight the monsters, those predictions are too scary, I want to make an advance before the monsters attack the world.
　　"Deyang himself: The seal is being removed, everyone's.
　　"Zixi Shengkai: Damn, I finally understand. I came here to experience the heart-refining process of seeking, enlightening, verifying, obtaining, keeping, and so on, so as to achieve self-cultivation. the goal of. . .
　　"Deyang himself: Many people are becoming more anxious. . . . . Seriously affect life.
　　The saint who threatened to commit suicide, let the world perish together, you must have seen many too.
　　"" Zi Xi Shengkai: Excuse me, is there any prophecy that talks about suicide? !
　　"Deyang himself: Of course, the prophecy did not say suicide. It was a saint who was always unable to get out of the mountain to marry Liu Yifei. He was anxious and threatened to commit suicide, thinking that he committed suicide and the world would perish.
　　You are the most peaceful person in Shengba. I don't know if you consider yourself a saint or a saint, but you have not affected your work and life at all.
　　"" Zi Xi Shengkai: Since I have not been affected, then tell me, am I obscene? ! . . .
　　"Deyang herself: Zimei, at least in my eyes, you are the first saint. Since you are in the saint, you should be more or less self-confident. For you, it is not a bad thing, you are rational.
　　"" Zi Xi Shengkai: Whatever you think, I won't take it seriously anyway! ! Because, after all, he is a world-class figure, we still have self-knowledge, knowing that there is a big gap between the two, so I can just be myself. . .
　　"Deyang himself: Yes, Zimei, regardless of others, you are always there, that's enough.
　　At least you think there is this person.
　　
　　688. The vast sea of ??people: In addition, you seem to have opened a new account at station B
　　If you want to back up the Geshen video like before, I don¨t think it is necessary. Someone has already voted it. Do you plan to use this account to post some religious thoughts or just interact with netizens?
　　"Ye Xue: B station, GeYiMin has been sealed, GeYiMin god, forgot the password, will be sealed if you use it, because GeYiMin is going everywhere. Just use this Yexue account.
　　Interaction, will also post some articles, but here I will go to GeYiMin Hua, and paste it, too, paste it now can only curse Ge, reverse propaganda.
　　"Deyang himself: To be honest, we will create great harmony together.
　　The material is already available, what is lacking is publicity.
　　Can only promote, what else? No power, no power, no money.
　　"For the father to know: What does God think of his colleagues at the headquarters, I remember you said that they are liars.
　　"Yesue: I haven't said it, it should be Ge Paulo. Many people are very talented, but most of them are poor people who let the predictions affect their work and life.
　　
　　689. Knowing for the father: What do you think about yourself being affected by the prophecy?
　　"Yeh Xue: I am not affected, and I work and live normally. Even if it is unsuccessful, it is a good thing to have a dream, and to have a hope is positive for life.
　　"" Knowing for my father: I remember you said that you were a journalist at first, right, how can you give up your high-paying job and get the current dead salary of 5,000 yuan?
　　"Yeh Xue: Not a reporter, but the news information center of Xinhua News Agency. Zhenjiang Station was cancelled.
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: Regarding this kind of thing, a project of Goshen.com said that "Zhenjiang Sub-center has long been abolished, and you no longer work for it."
　　"Yeh Xue: If I were within the system, then there would be no gods and ＾wordofgod￣s, and humans would be in the dark forever, like a long night.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Okay, thank you brother.
　　
　　690、The vast crowd: I really take my religious thoughts seriously.
　　Your current yy ability is comparable to that of Jiezi Chuang,,,
　　"Knowing for the father: Ge Shen quickly launched a disaster to punish them,,,
　　"" Ye Xue: I am three levels higher than human beings.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: I know, this is written on the homepage of your self-built website, don't you regret being a god?
　　"Yesue: I don't regret it, on the contrary, I feel the supreme glory.
　　"Chaos 3d single pusher: Ge Chi.
　　
　　691. The vast sea of ??people: feelings about visiting the old Lewangzhe Tieba.
　　Zhang Diba was called the pinnacle of Le Jie from 15 to 17 years, and even attracted fellow Internet philosophers Yang Fan and Ge Shen (II). He Wentao himself built the "perpetual motion machine invent", and fellow Internet philosophers Yang Fan and Ge Shen (or the second generation) also came to the bar for hype. Of course, after this bar became abolished, only Secretary Qian and Ge Shen were left. It is worth mentioning that the member name of the bar is "Ge Sheng Yimin", and Ge Shen opened a new number for station B, and everyone can interact with it.
　　"" Ye Xue: These two, I often go to them.
　　Haven't understood what Ge Chi meant? hold?
　　"The vast sea of ??people: to support, simply means "support", etymology network Zhe Yang Shisan, that is, "chuangzhi", the former can be substituted for other words, "Gechi" means to support Ge and support you.
　　"" Ye Xue: I see, a lot of Ge Chi.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: But under normal circumstances, if "Ge Chi" is followed by three commas ",,,", then it is a bit ironic.
　　"Yesue: I understand, but the Lord doesn't care. . .
　　"Manevil: How to make everyone holy?
　　"" Ge Yimin: Reading ＾wordofgod￣s, communism is spiritual immortality.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: After all, you are not afraid of being scolded, and being ridiculed is even more of a problem.
　　"" Ye Xue: Yes, there are no bamboo shoots at all, just add popularity.
　　
　　692, -Hinaran. : What martial arts do you use
　　What is the name of the school founded
　　〃Ge Yimin 2021-4-5 9:50:13
　　＾wordofgod￣ in the hand to abuse the fairy
　　Religious
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo 2021-4-4 23:44:17
　　Geshen group has been searched on STEAM.
　　[Ge Hei]? 2021-4-5 9:06:38
　　Then Ge Shen, let me ask you, what is the slogan of our family?
　　[Group Leader] Ge Yimin 2021-4-5 9:07:14
　　Mantra: I am a god, you have to listen to him (GeYiMin).
　　[Ge Hei]? 2021-4-5 9:07:38
　　@乞呀酎 Who is listening to?
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin 2021-4-5 9:38:31
　　God said to listen to GeYiMin
　　[Anonymous] Apocalypse 2021-4-5 14:34:40
　　Why didn't Ge Shen move back to Nanjing?
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin 2021-4-5 14:35:24
　　Zhenjiang has houses and jobs, but Nanjing has none
　　[Passerby] Xiaomu 2021-4-8 23:07:34
　　By the way, are GeYiMin and Ziwei saint the same person?
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo 2021-4-8 23:07:53
　　First of all, there is no crape myrtle saint, this is a rumor made by wheels.
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo 2021-4-8 23:08:01
　　GeYiMin God is two floors higher than God and three floors higher than human beings.
　　"" God: "GeYimin created the creator, the creator created God, and God created mankind."
　　[Guangge] Eternal God Selection 2021-4-8 23:09:32
　　There is kami first and then the sky
　　[Passerby] Xiaomu 2021-4-8 23:41:53
　　Recently post it discusses this person's popularity
　　
　　693、The vast sea of ??people: Shennet's photo wall is suddenly updated again
　　Among them was an atlas of messages written by his classmates, so I decided to move them, just like I did last year when I moved the Ge Shen Photo Collection and Ge Shen Zatu.
　　From the picture one, it turns out that Ge Shen had already been indifferent to other people's opinions when he was young, and he was used to it.
　　In addition, did Ge ever write a message to his classmates?
　　"Yesue: Of course there is, but it's in other people's books." When I was a student, "I don't care what others say" is one of my characteristics, and few people do this.
　　〃〃The vast sea of ??people: Although Wangzhe Geshen and Yang Fan made anti-gravity remarks and they didn¨t pay attention to them, they went in because someone pretended to be an ID and directly issued gravity remarks.
　　"Yesue: I have talked a few times before, because of the website, but I was also polite. The last time you are welcome, I came to the door, because the person who pretended to be me, directly cursed the mysterious person in Product C. I checked the content, but it was broad and general, and it was nothing.
　　"" Knowing for my father: How did you get into Guobao without bamboo shoots,,,
　　"Yeh Xue: It is the content of my website itself, which has nothing to do with Ge Hei's curse.
　　"" Knowing for my father: I think it will be fine if no one is jvbao you.
　　"Yeh Xue: I made a website on the Internet in 2001. In 2004, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of Yemei.com filed a record. Please drink tea from the Public Security Bureau and the Religious Bureau. I really drink tea and make a cup of tea. It's kind. At that time there was no Gehua, no Gehei, and no one reported. It is because of my message that I have a great reputation in Post Bar (Christian Circle), Yemei Bar is very popular, and Jehovah Bar has no one.
　　〃〃Vit2nd: After the previous few conversations, didn't jc find out that it was an impersonation? This execution is not good.
　　〃Yesue: The previous few times it was not this fake, it was the content of my own website, more than ten years before and after.
　　〃〃Vit2nd: The time span of more than ten years is so big, I withdrew the above remarks. Their digging ability is quite strong.
　　
　　694. The vast sea of ??people: other Internet philosophers are actually quite worth investigating
　　Ge Shen, he is probably heterosexual, but he was a good person in high school, but he was only of the same sex and indifferent to the opposite sex. One thing can be seen in the comments of his classmates. The yy object in his "Nervous" is usually female. , But I used to think that Ge Shen also has same-sex tendencies, because the Biaozi singing collection he compiled is all shirtless (actually by Ge Paulo),,,
　　"Yeh Xue: I am 100% heterosexual, and I love girls in elementary school, but I am an alternative to being a girl, and I don't touch or talk. Xu Qian said that I thought feudalism. Maybe it's because the three of my brothers have no sisters, maybe it's the reason why I memorized ancient Chinese poetry and traditional culture since I was a kid.
　　It was only after college that it changed, and then went to the other extreme. For example, after work, I am passionate about ballroom dancing. For example, netizens are basically women.
　　When I was in the Yemei community, I wrote a paragraph and went to dating sites such as YAHOO to make friends, search for women, and then paste them one by one, without looking at their information, and inviting to the community, indeed attracted many girls, such as Wanqing . I have also said this to the Internet police and the Religious Bureau. I call it "posting when you see a woman. They are still surprised. I said that you make friends with men and women, and women make men."
　　
　　695. The vast sea of ??people: Your self-built religion aims to build a society
　　But it is always considered a cult. Do you feel aggrieved?
　　"Yeh Xue: No, it should be considered popular, and you will be pleased if you hear evil." New ideas are always opposed to heretics.
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: Mantra: I am a god, you have to listen to him (GeYiMin). Reposted in various languages. This time I post it again in the form of pictures. It involves "inappropriate content". I want to ask what is wrong with this dynamic? You can tell me how to modify it.
　　〃Yesue: Google Translated, try changing my Chinese name to GYM.
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: Well, after all, degymization is everywhere, and my dynamics may also be dealt with by mentioning your real name.
　　"Ye Xue: Baidu, 360, Sogou, Weibo, Station B, YY, etc. identified Ge Yimin as illegal words.
　　
　　696. manevil: ＾wordofgod￣, how to ask people to read? Can you make movies and images?
　　Do you attach importance to the seven sins and the seven virtues?
　　"Ge Yimin: The ＾wordofgod￣ is currently 800,000 words, updated every day, and the text is better. Of course there is a video broadcast.
　　Do not pay attention to outdated things, based on communism and spiritual immortality.
　　"Manevil: Morality is not outdated, it is a good way to cure the world, greed for immortality and pleasure are evil.
　　"Ge Yimin: Today, the seven deadly sins are indeed ridiculous, and no one abides by them. Morality is relative and must keep pace with the times.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: Ge Shen's micro-vision videos seem to be beautified. The skin and teeth are abnormally white. Only the live broadcast of YY did not open the beautification. Moreover, Ge Shen also had a video series of neural scriptures before, that is, the same video was posted several times and then different texts were used to read them by voice.
　　"" A red star is waiting: Who is that? Ge what.
　　〃A different kind of compressed dry food: gym.
　　"" SzMithrandir: Yimin.
　　"NetaAndGrass: Ge's status is higher than that of Duo B? It's all coded.
　　"" SzMithrandir: Of course, now Hao has become a word for "shoes", and Baidu search can't find it. Before, there were several Ge's creations and Ge's own videos on the site, but the results were all praised.
　　"Blackbravo: The only god.
　　
　　697. SzMithrandir: My account was targeted by the audit
　　It takes a lot of effort to post everything, and the one that I used to pass on the general wpy also doesn¨t work with the goddess who is preparing to maintain the website.
　　"Yesue: Keep your numbers, you two can be considered a big V."
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: after all, they can help you publicize for free.
　　"Yeh Xue: 20331126 One word side by side king.
　　Station B: Your manuscript "GeYiMin and Son_SD" failed to pass the review. Reason: The video content involved inappropriate content and was not approved.
　　""Ge Hua" Ge Hua Zhao Yazhi" and "Zhenjiang's Golden Mountain" Ge Hua Zhou Haimei Recommendation" were posted.
　　It seems that the title "GeYiMin" can not be posted, and GeYiMin is not suitable for content.
　　〃〃爺 17:33:38
　　Are you advocating for GeYiMin? Didn't he go to jail?
　　Ye Xue 17:34:12
　　Gehua hype, see ＾wordofgod￣s
　　Tianma 17:34:29
　　I haven't seen it, where is GeYiMin now?
　　Ye Xue 17:34:53
　　Neurologically
　　Tianma 17:35:03
　　You are also Ge ??Hua
　　GeYiMin is so famous, where is it?
　　Ye Xue 17:36:24
　　I want to know, I have ＾wordofgod￣s
　　Tianma 17:36:31
　　never seen it
　　
　　698、It's a big deal: Ge Shen's micro-vision video seems to be
　　All of them have been turned on, and the skin and teeth are very white. Only the live broadcast of YY did not turn on the beauty.
　　Moreover, Ge Shen also had a video series of neural scriptures before, that is, the same video was posted several times and then different texts were used to read them by voice.
　　"SzMithrandir: You mean those pv are unknown movies?
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: Yes, that's it. I never knew where these images came from.
　　"Yeh Xue: It's a gospel film, my voice (＾wordofgod￣).
　　Dubbing is the ＾wordofgod￣ of machine reading.
　　〃〃Postba user_abXeJRJ: Ge Erdan has been identified as a cult member by zf, and now he has cramped skin and is considering steaming or braising. Do you want to put salt in it? Do you want to follow his footsteps?
　　"Deyang himself: Yes, I'm not afraid of death, just like it learns.
　　
　　699, Ge Shen, Ge Hua, Neural Video Daquan
　　1. 4 expensive TV chefs:
　　The story of GeYimin's birth-_SD
　　GeYiMin god promotional video
　　God's encounter.gym
　　The god of crumbs who is preparing to maintain the website.gym
　　2. Gehua brothers are 6 expensive:
　　Geshen Plague Company
　　Ge Yimin false news
　　GeYiMin 2020
　　GeYiMin Avatar Collection
　　Good luck lotus lotus kushen
　　Savior GeYiMin hevc
　　3. GeYimin brothers are 4 expensive:
　　Ge Yimin's Wedding (Part 1) with SD Ge Yimin's Wedding (Part 2) with SD
　　GeYiMin happy little family standard definition GeYiMin and son standard definition
　　4. 6 hymn videos:
　　One piece of "Ge Flower":
　　"Ge Hua" Ge Hua Zhao Yazhi
　　Five of "Zhenjiang's Golden Mountain":
　　"On the Golden Mountain of Zhenjiang" recommended by Ge Hua and Zhou Haimei
　　"On the Golden Mountain of Zhenjiang" Ge Hua Liu Xiaoqing
　　"On the Golden Mountain of Zhenjiang" Ge Hua Liu Xin
　　"On the Golden Mountain of Zhenjiang" Ge Hua Lin Qingxia
　　"Zhenjiang's Golden Mountain" GeYiMin God
　　5. ＾wordofgod￣ (transmitted by Geshen) short video, live broadcast, 800,000 words of ＾wordofgod￣
　　See god network http://www.gegod.com/nszz/gymsp.htm
　　6. 20 episodes of neural dubbing videos
　　See god network http://www.gegod.com/dxrj/sjsp.htm
　　
　　700, sputnikxxx: Send Ge Shige here every day
　　It¨s better to have some ＾wordofgod￣s in the daily shift to help the brutal station b brain upgrade,,,
　　"Yeh Xue: I'm going to get nervous.
　　"Manevil: It's ridiculous that people who don't value the soul, body and mind influence each other. Pursuing material fame and fortune without abiding by spiritual morality will destroy the peace of this world.
　　The pursuit of physical eternal life and material bliss is ridiculous. Mankind has dedicated all their love to build a better world, and only then can we build a world of great harmony.
　　"Ge Yimin: God disciples pursue spirituality, not mind? Greedy is sin, not material?
　　"Yesxue: What happened during the study period of the Internet philosopher (gym), send me an email to check it out, please.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: I'm sorry that I forgot to back up the original text here, and I can't remember what I wrote as a whole. It seems that I wrote some contents of your diary and "Nerv" during your reading period. In addition, I would like to respond to you, "gymX Qi Patriotic Z". I found 1 to 6 in the "Shenjiao" column of Bo and Xun. The seventh part found by an account you have been banned.
　　"" Ye Xue: Be sure to back up in the future. It can be rewritten in just a few hours.
　　In Bo/XUN, there is also a "GeYiMinjiao" column.
　　There is part 8.
　　
　　701、God will let everyone go to heaven
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:27:54
　　Heaven is so real. Have you ever read this book? I'm now printing 600 copies for others
　　Saint Yemmy(50914333) 09:31:46
　　Didn't watch
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:28:04
　　Heaven and hell are very real
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:28:23
　　So don't do bad things, always do good things
　　Saint-Yemme (50914333) 09:32:09
　　Ou don't really believe in hell
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:28:34
　　why
　　Saint-Yemme (50914333) 09:32:33
　　I think everyone can go to heaven, that is spiritual
　　Saint Yemme (50914333) 09:33:19
　　In fact, there is not much difference between good people and bad people
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:30:00
　　But if you don¨t get on a ferry boat, you can¨t get him on it
　　Saint-Yemme (50914333) 09:34:09
　　God has a way
　　Saint Jeme (50914333) 09:34:22
　　God will let everyone go to heaven
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:31:31
　　God will let everyone go to heaven, why doesn't God make this world better, there are disasters everywhere
　　Saint Yeme (50914333) 09:35:22
　　Well, everyone is vague now, don¨t know how to live forever
　　But God knows that in God¨s plan
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:31:56
　　God says there is it
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:32:09
　　Why is it so troublesome, what's the plan
　　Saint-Yemme (50914333) 09:35:54
　　Because of the dust body
　　To be spiritual, there is only trial
　　Keywords---love
　　Saint-Yemme (50914333) 09:36:11
　　In fact, everyone has love, it is heaven
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:32:56
　　Who can talk about love,
　　Saint Yeme (50914333) 09:36:52
　　Everyone did not oppose anyone, now is heaven
　　Saint Yeme (50914333) 09:37:15
　　Talking about love is useless
　　To act
　　Don't do it right with anyone
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:33:46
　　I'm not against anyone, ha
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:33:50
　　how is it
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:33:58
　　I won't urge him to pay back the money someone owes me
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:34:17
　　But i didn't see heaven
　　Saint Yeme (50914333) 09:38:10
　　Well, you are a good person:)
　　But there are too many people who are against it
　　Saint Yeme (50914333) 09:38:18
　　You can't do enough
　　Saint Yemmy (50914333) 09:38:33
　　Can you divide the property among the beggars?
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:34:59
　　can you
　　Saint Yemmy (50914333) 09:38:50
　　Can't do lotus root
　　Saint-Yemme (50914333) 09:39:04
　　If everyone can do it
　　Saint-Yemme (50914333) 09:39:20
　　Just do it with lotus root, there is a P to use
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:35:51
　　I can't do it
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:35:58
　　So difficult
　　Saint Jeme (50914333) 09:39:58
　　Yes, anyone who can do it at the moment is insane
　　Saint-Yemme (50914333) 09:40:09
　　Everyone needs to do it
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:36:43
　　But this is just a beautiful idea
　　Saint-Yemme (50914333) 09:40:38
　　Each will do its best and distribute according to needs (basic needs)
　　Saint Yemmy(50914333) 09:40:54
　　Ma had already thought about it
　　Saint Yeme (50914333) 09:41:15
　　But everyone is willing, it¨s easy and happy
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:37:57
　　It's useless to talk about it, Yemei what do you do
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:38:03
　　Be realistic
　　Saint Yemmy (50914333) 09:42:07
　　The lotus root is the information of Xinhua News Agency
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:39:09
　　Communist
　　Saint Yeme (50914333) 09:43:14
　　In fact, it¨s easy and realistic to talk about lotus root
　　The key is that everyone is willing
　　Really, it will be happier, everyone
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:39:34
　　Do people in your work believe you?
　　Saint Yeme (50914333) 09:43:21
　　Not a party member
　　Saint Yeme (50914333) 09:43:41
　　Lotus root is only used for online missions
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:40:03
　　Some people say this thing is big**
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:40:09
　　I don't know if it is or not
　　Saint Yemme (50914333) 09:44:06
　　No, the Communist Party is actually very good
　　Saint Yeme (50914333) 09:44:15
　　Communism is pretty good
　　Saint Yemmy (50914333) 09:44:28
　　Heaven is communism
　　Shunyu Company Headquarters (68721902) 09:41:20
　　I do not understand
　　Saint Yemmy (50914333) 09:45:47
　　Communism is more real and feasible than the Christian heaven
　　Jesus's is just a parable
　　Saint-Yemme (50914333) 09:47:02
　　Believe that the old horse is better than the apostles
　　I believe that the lotus root is better than the old horse
　　
　　702. The vast sea of ??people: Let the net philosophers make a list of talents.
　　(It is reasonable to say that there should be an aunt, but the reasons that cannot be elaborated cannot be counted. If it can be counted, it will be ranked third)
　　First place Ge Shen
　　This is relatively unquestionable. For example, there was a midterm exam in the county during the high school period when he was studying, and the school¨s knowledge contest won the second place. In 1986, he won the second prize in the Zhenjiang High School Essay Competition. There was an algebra question in two. In this class, only Ge Shen answered correctly, and at the same time, his classmates' evaluation of him was also "experienced." And some of his literary creations were also very good at the time. I like "Fu on the Great Wall", "My Mother" and several works from the high school period. At the same time, he was also a graduate of Nanjing University in the 1980s. It is that the idea of ??"Christian gc socialism" is actually a bit unrealistic.
　　Second place strongart
　　The Filamentous Great Zhe also attended at least a philosophy department of Yangzhou University, and after dropping out, he has been promoting his ideas on the Internet, involving mathematics, philosophy, literature, thought reviews, autobiography, etc.
　　Third place Yang Fan
　　In his early years, some philosophical articles were somewhat similar, but his thoughts had always been regarded as mental illnesses and lunatics, and they were ignored alone. He also had his work "Manifold Logic".
　　〃〃SzMithrandir: Actually, your aunt is basically treated as the same in the local area network and the song god.
　　"Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: Who dare not scold Geshen, it is easy to be titled.
　　"Deyang himself: I scold Ge Xie every day, appropriate scolding, don't be too cruel, it's okay.
　　The head of Ge ＾wordofgod￣ Band, it leaves evidence "＾wordofgod￣".
　　"The vast sea of ??people: Ge Shen II's position and title is still given to unknown people.
　　
　　703. Liu Yifei 2033: God writes the Bible, Ge Xie writes ＾wordofgod￣s, haha.
　　"Manevil: Pursue temperance, and understand that you want to be rich in your heart. Use love to become full of love for the world, all things unite into one, and return to the world's name "Happy Land".
　　"" Ge Yimin: ＾wordofgod￣ IV 14. ＾wordofgod￣ golden rule: [Do not oppose anyone].
　　God disciples spread their ＾wordofgod￣s and the golden rules on the Internet.
　　How is the pursuit of moderation promoted?
　　"Manevil: All men are holy, all men are Christ, and Christ all are the Son of man.
　　"" Ge Yimin: Everyone is a god-￣wordofgod￣s.
　　＾wordofgod￣ 25 31. Feiyu Manshusha: Nietzsche said, God is dead;
　　So, GeYiMin, here comes;
　　The time when man is God is here;
　　Limited company
　　Unlimited money
　　This is, buying and selling.
　　〃The vast crowd: To be honest, Baidu Tieba is probably the birthplace of many Internet philosophers. Ge ＾wordofgod￣, who is active in the forum or the Christian circle of Tieba, is probably their "novice village".
　　"" Ye Xue: Baidu Tieba Big V certification: Ge Yimin: Internet thinker activist, Hong Kong Four Seasons Publishing House signed author. Male, born in 1969, from Zhenjiang, Jiangsu, China, graduated from the Chinese Department of Nanjing University. Published the modern prophet book ＾wordofgod￣, which was named an amendment to the Bible. There are two main sources of his thoughts: Christianity and Communism. ＾wordofgod￣s are his personal information, his thinking about reality and the future, and part of it is enlightenment.
　　
　　704. Ye Xue: I'm the big V of Tieba, the witness of Tieba.
　　Philosophy, I also go often. Post it and the product is available, so I¨ll play it. My Saint Yemme is only one month less than Yanhong. I started in the Christian circle, even the religious circle, and later the saint circle and the communist circle. , Wangzhe circle. There is also the biggest post bar, I often promote, such as D bar, W bar, 2012, based on the space material bar.
　　"The four are all empty. 877: What kind of prophecies are there really for the savior? You hype all day long, this person, this person is too scared to come out, human beings play, you group of gods are the sinners of humanity through the ages.
　　"" Deyang himself: Is it bad to promote him? It's all prophesied, it's a man of heaven, what are you afraid of?
　　Ge Xie also claimed to be two stories higher than God, and he didn't see God punishing him.
　　"Ge Hua: Apply to create a group: "Datong World".
　　Group introduction: Mankind will eventually enter the world of great harmony, the most equal and perfect world, and we encourage and speak for the great harmony of the world.
　　
　　705. Shenwang: Application to create a group: Neural Research
　　"＾wordofgod￣" ISBN: ISBN978-988-13762-1-3
　　This group is the home of neuroscientists and publishes reading experience, which can be criticized or even criticized.
　　"Manevil: Do not pursue absoluteness, but pursue a balance between mind and material desires.
　　To cooperate, not to be wrong. Only when the world is saved can you be truly saved. I am an assistant to help you build a world unity.
　　"" Ge Yimin: (＾wordofgod￣ 5:10. Now, under the action of the fruits of good and evil (fruits of wisdom), human material civilization has achieved great results, but humans still pay attention to the poor material civilization derived from the soil, and spiritual life has not improved. , The spiritual life is becoming more and more vulgar.)
　　Hello, there is not enough time for evangelization. Fortunately, there is the Internet.
　　"Manevil: God became the world, and everyone came from God. After a certain amount of practice, they all have divine nature.
　　Everyone is Christ, of course GeYiMin will also contribute to the world.
　　"" Ge Yimin: Well, I want to make the greatest contribution to the world.
　　
　　706. memberbilibili: Well, I want to find an opportunity to interview you, can you accept it?
　　Long Yang.
　　Online interview.
　　"Yesue: Okay.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Saintess of the Kingdom of God.
　　"Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: Are you Liu Yifei? ?
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Don't say it clearly.
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: Haha, Saintess Liu, you are also a saint, but have you participated in the rectification?
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Becoming a saint inexplicably. . .
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: Haha, Ge Xie does not have Jehovah God evil.
　　Haha, in my opinion, you are undoubtedly the saint herself.
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Xie pretended to create God in the next generation.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Zhu Xue, I can't say clearly.
　　〃〃Deyang himself: its official website has gegod.com
　　"Zhuxue and Taxue: I don¨t know who sealed me a Ge II, but from the predictions, Zi Ge will definitely not be ugly haha
　　"The black color has its crown, the dragon has its clothes, it treats all things, and the fourth is the eulogy, because of its blessing." Ge Cult will not grow like that.
　　Uncle is actually the immortal emperor, I still don't see clearly now, let's take your time.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Ge Xie was handsome when he was young, but he took an evil path.
　　〃Zhuxue and Taxue: To re-establish a new world order, ascend as you should, descend as you descend, descend to hell, escalate, and escalate. God means to eliminate dissidents and purify the emperor. Who knows what the highest order is Anyway, the road to the golden thread must be abandoned by the right way.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Save it, heaven on earth.
　　
　　707, memberbilibili: Question:
　　One, are you the gym himself? If yes, I hope you can answer the questions below.
　　Second, do you publicize your set of theories offline? Are you affected by your theory offline?
　　Third, in what mentality do you face ridicule from all walks of life?
　　Fourth, how do you maintain the balance between online promotion and daily work and life?
　　5. What do you think of the current youth group?
　　Sixth, are you afraid of "fighting"?
　　7. What is your family's attitude towards your theory?
　　8. Do you agree with me to disclose the content of this interview?
　　Thanks for answering (^_^)
　　For your answer, I will not comment on right or wrong, just curiosity and record.
　　"Ye Xue: One, I am GeYiMin himself.
　　Second, there is no offline promotion, I only use the Internet, Shenwang, ＾wordofgod￣, and God. There is no effect offline, except for drinking tea because of it.
　　Third, we are happy when we hear and scold, all as popular.
　　Fourth, the time outside of work and life is used for online publicity. The balance is at least not affecting work and eating.
　　Fifth, there are ＾wordofgod￣s to write: contemporary college students only know that they have found a good job. They have no ideals, no ideals for mankind and the world, and no need for democracy and freedom.
　　Sixth, I am not afraid of Zhao bombs, but the tower will affect the religious religion, and the ＾wordofgod￣s are also written. The tower is not a strategy and affects my website, such as canceling the record of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and walling my domain name.
　　＾wordofgod￣ Political Commentary 23. Four packages of summoning, detention and shooting to death, life cannot bear the burden
　　Seven, there is no attitude, I act alone, but I don't want the paper to always look for me.
　　Eight, I agree, and I will send to the community immediately.
　　
　　708, memberbilibili: Uh, the last question, police is
　　How do you treat you and your theory, do you mind answering?
　　Thank you (^_^)
　　I have already seen it in your book, so I don¨t need to describe it anymore, I only record it without commenting.
　　Thank you for accepting the interview.
　　"Manevil: I am very close to your thoughts. Both have been awakened by God and have a task to convey the truth.
　　"" Ge Yimin: I don't know your age, I was in 1969, really time does not wait for me.
　　"Manevil: I got the memory of creating the world in my near-death experience. Everything is one, split by the Creator.
　　We should help and love each other, and assist the unity of all religions to return to the law of love.
　　"" Ge Yimin: ＾wordofgod￣ eleven 2, as long as there are people starving to death in this world, all living people are selfish. Since it is impossible to love your neighbor as yourself, it is inevitable to lower the requirements, that is: not against anyone. Everyone does not need to guard against anyone, how high life experience will be.
　　"Deyang himself: There is another person in the second generation, you the third generation?
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Hahahaha.
　　"Puning Stone Crash: Ge Shen's "＾wordofgod￣s".
　　"Deyang himself: Haha, good old comrades.
　　〃〃The Boundless Sea of ??People: Ge Shen's Message Collection 2
　　"Chuang Mi: Ah, it really has a sense of age,,,
　　""THY_SIN: Ha, people like to write poems so much back then.
　　"Deyang himself: "How many people believe in Zisheng now?"
　　Conservative millions, Ge Xie is known as one hundred thousand Gehua.
　　〃〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: Cult.
　　"Deyang himself: So it's called Ge Xie.
　　
　　709. The vast sea of ??people: May I ask your Gehua (believers)
　　Are they usually women? Are there no male kudzu flowers? I have only heard that Pueraria lobata is actually a very limited number of women.
　　"Yesue: There are men, Paul Paul is a man, and many Ge Hualin are men.
　　"Deyang himself: Yes, believe in the Lord with heart and honesty. You can't stick to the scriptures. If you really follow the Bible with 1.8 million words, we can't do anything.
　　There are a lot of people who wrote the Declaration of Great Harmony, and a few people wrote it, just like Ge Xie who bought the book number, it was nervous.
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: I just remembered that there was such a thing, and I was bo. Why didn't you find the gym patriotism z on xun, but there is none in the gym education column you mentioned. Or is it just that I am justified? In addition, you will not be able to type your Chinese name in future updates. You can clearly type it in the past.
　　"Yeh Xue: Eight spirits, it should be Jesus left right. . . The 33-year-old and 43-year-olds didn't write the eight qi. I can't remember it. I didn't find the eight qi. Zhang Xueliang drank and took drugs again. He lived 103 years old and found it.
　　〃〃Okawa Yi official: Chuangge Confluence,,,
　　It is recommended that you go to unite Ge, and then write the original creation of ＾wordofgod￣s,,,
　　
　　710, manevil: I was born again in 2012, life is endless
　　The soul lives forever and does not perish.
　　"Ge Yimin: ＾wordofgod￣ Seven: 50, soul immortality has no evidence, the body is immortal, it can be empirical, and science is approaching immortality. The immortality pursued by the religion refers to the present world. What happened after death cannot be verified.
　　"Manevil: We all understand the truth of the world, but unfortunately there are not many sober people.
　　Mainstream ideas, only mainstream opinions, not absolute truth.
　　"Ge Yimin: You can build an online home to promote it.
　　"" manevil: The soul will transfer to another dimension, these cannot be explained by science.
　　There is a physical backup in the other space, so that immortality can be practiced.
　　Human beings have a monopoly of power in the present world and cannot be implemented.
　　In fact, there are many examples, but modern people do not believe it without scientific data.
　　"Ge Yimin: Eternal life in this world is a communist society, a union of free men, and no monopoly of power.
　　"" Manevil: You merge my theory of unity with your thoughts, so that's enough, I don't seek fame or fortune.
　　The true saint seeks to be nameless, and not only teaches alone, but only the core of the world.
　　Legends and predictions have errors, but they are more true than history books.
　　"Ge Yimin: If you want to spread your thoughts, you can also write a book (a collection of posts is a book).
　　
　　711. Aquarius Swan Head: What is your intention to slander Ge Shen like this?
　　What else does that man make for the common people? Even if you don't know how to be grateful, you still abuse what you are.
　　"Deyang himself: Even if Ge Xie is so crazy, he didn't take it seriously, so why bother with all the talents.
　　"Manevil: The world is him, but also you and me.
　　"" Ge Yimin: Yes, the gods and universal salvation, everyone.
　　"Manevil: Remind readers: It is better to have no books as much as you can.
　　"Mencius. "Following the Heart": "Being faithful to the books is worse than having no books. I just take two or three strategies in Wucheng." Later, he pointed out that reading should not be confined to what is contained in the book and blindly follow.
　　"" Ge Yimin: So I update and revise ＾wordofgod￣ words every day, keep improving.
　　"Luan Ya Fu Shi 158: Ge Shen is fine.
　　
　　712. The vast sea of ??people: To be honest, Ge Shen is really a very strange existence in the world of Internet philosophers.
　　Most Internet philosophers understand it in a muddle manner. For example, Yang Fan is clearly ignorant of any domain knowledge but still likes to comment on these comments. Zhang Yunjie will plagiarize other people¨s thoughts and sew black farts every day if he doesn¨t understand anything. The filamentous great philosopher has been controversial and condemned for not knowing mathematics, but he still does his own way. Lin Haoze will publish anti-gravity thoughts on the show that it is good and controversial to drop out. Wang Keren does not understand alien theory but loves him very much. The meaning of twists and turns, your aunt doesn't understand history, military and politics at all, but he still needs to be honest. Secretary Qian's poor character is not only notorious in one post. However, Ge Shen is pretending to be confused. Tianxia Wangzhe will be crazy all the time. Only Ge Shen is not necessarily. Although his thoughts are very unreasonable, he is not crazy offline, and he can also interact with netizens. Discuss some things normally, sometimes I even think that Ge Shen is not a pure net philosopher, obviously a slightly more normal magic stick.
　　"NetaAndGrass: IQ who has actually published a book will not be so bad.
　　"Lapis_YSJ: Gym can be said to be a monster with high IQ in Internet philosophers.
　　"Yeh Xue: 1. As for gods, there are few atheists in the world.
　　2. As for communism, for more than 200 years, the sages (Ki-Communist, Air Communist, Scientific Communist) did not consider it impractical, and the conditions are now ripe. (＾wordofgod￣ Chapter 18 Socialized Production and the Internet Revolution).
　　
　　713. Tieba's nickname "GeYimin" violated the regulations and was forced to change its name: Tieba user_001814A
　　However, the big V certification is still there.
　　The user name is Ge Yimin. Everywhere in "Go to GeYiMin Hua", it is inevitable to block accounts. My name "GeYiMin" is actually illegal.
　　〃System News 2021-04-08 14:17:23
　　Dear users of Tieba, your nickname has been revoked because it contains illegal content. If you have any questions, please send feedback to the Tieba Service Center.
　　"" manevil: If everyone understands, they will live forever.
　　"Ge Yimin: ＾wordofgod￣ eleven 82, I am ultimately immortal, I want to be truly immortal, always have perception. First realize communism and immortality: 1. God's will. 2. Technology, everyone is a god.
　　Dust-spiritual-eternal life.
　　"" manevil: In the future, Datong New World, I want to work hard with you.
　　"" Ge Yimin: OK, I'm from Zhenjiang, Jiangsu, Mainland China, how about you?
　　
　　714, antique 15555: this dog that you supported up to play broken
　　Is now your public enemy again? I think the true saint will end in the same way. If the trial does not come, I think the world is hopeless.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: The Ge Hua who supported it all ran away, the human enemy Ge Xie.
　　""Huang Yuzhibao: This Ge Xie just sticks me up. Then he fell down. Haha.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Yes, talented people come out from generation to generation.
　　"" Antique 15555: What can a Pueraria lobata flower represent? Qun Yin manages the world, conspiracy and scheming, burning, killing and looting are their essence. Of course, they are also responsible for the responsibility of selecting high-quality souls. With the expansion of power, they have long been lost. This is what they did. If it smells bad, they will sell it. This is one of their usual methods.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: There used to be a lot of Pueraria lobata flowers.
　　
　　715. Manevil: I am from Hong Kong, and I really want to help with world religious issues.
　　It will never be completely successful, but work hard.
　　"Ge Yimin: Okay, I like Hong Kong people. I like Hong Kong stars.
　　I was born in 1969. If you don't mind, you will be curious about the year of your birth.
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Shen is gone, how about so many Ge flowers?
　　"Little Titan 80: I don't know. I guess it¨s been bragging for too long, so I don¨t think it is interesting anymore, right? !
　　In fact, there used to be so many Azis in the post bar, and they gradually withdrew a lot. Now most of the active ones are latecomers. It's really a new generation that beats the old.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: They have been blocked, and they are going to GYM everywhere.
　　
　　716, Asia's mouth brother: I want to hear you talk about fool Ge.
　　"Deyang himself: Just post it and talk about Ge Xie.
　　"" Asia¨s mouth brother: In what year did he start spreading the heresy, what books and believers he has, who are the main harms, are there girls, what year was arrested, and where did he report it? Isn¨t he a fool? It's the one a few years ago, how old.
　　"Deyang himself: In 2001, "Nervous", the believers are all remembered in their ＾wordofgod￣s, there are many women, not caught, self-hype, 52.
　　"" Asia's mouth brother: I'm dizzy, everyone believes that, most of the sentient beings are still stupid, there is no way, wait for our true purple to come out and destroy these Satans.
　　
　　717、Is the Christian Communist League really possible to exist?
　　(The God Party)
　　Process 16:53:27 I have something to ask the prophet
　　Journey 17:03:40 I can¨t see my future! do not know what to do?
　　Sacred song Yimin 17:13:37 First look at your QQ information
　　Sange Yimin 17:14:20 The future needs to work hard
　　Hymn Yimin 17:15:30 Reading the Bible, believing in God, having peace in the spirit, materially relying on hard work
　　Course 17:16:04 I'm watching the song Yimin Post it
　　Sange Yimin 17:16:21 Thank you:)
　　Course 17:20:23 Can the Christian Communist League really exist?
　　Hymn Yimin 17:21:30 The Apostolic Church is a communist society
　　Sange Yimin 17:22:15 Xintianxindi is of course a communist society, there will be no hierarchy
　　Course 17:22:32 How can I ask for it?
　　Sange Yimin 17:23:03 Oh, everyone works hard
　　Course 17:23:07 I am the leader of a house church with more than 50 brothers and sisters. How can I get it?
　　Sange Yimin 17:23:40 This must be recognized by the whole world
　　Sange Yimin 17:24:21 I am just propagating ideas
　　Journey 17:25:56 Can I spread this idea to my brothers and sisters?
　　Sacred song Yimin 17:26:41 Of course, welcome
　　Course 17:27:29 How to promote?
　　Sacred song Yimin 17:27:44 You think, the Lord is coming again, in the age of the kingdom, is a hierarchical society, is this possible? It must be a communist society, an equal society
　　The chant Yimin 17:28:01 is Christian communism
　　The sacred song Yimin 17:32:12 The doctrine of communism was first proposed by Christian theologians
　　History 17:32:34 Who is the theologian?
　　Sacred Song Yimin 17:33:23 Vautrin and others
　　History 17:33:32 Oh
　　
　　718, GeYiMin is a typical antichrist, and its team is a typical antichrist gang
　　According to a well-known person, Ge is connected with antichrists from all over the world and defiles the Bible in the name of ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　And Ge is pretending to be one of the Chinese sages in the Chinese Sage, and has the power of management, and all comments against Ge are deleted.
　　Why you say that he is the Antichrist and pretending to be the Son of God can prove that he is the Antichrist. Just rely on the tone of learning the Bible to imitate the tone of two sentences from Luxun to imitate the tone of two sentences to learn this to imitate the tone of two sentences to learn that to imitate two Words can be put together into a few pages of bad words to pretend to be a god son. Isn¨t it ridiculous
　　Ge was once a soldier, so there are more military friends. It¨s definitely not related to the underworld group. Of course, I can¨t guarantee that it may also be related.
　　A well-known person revealed that Ge is inextricably linked with foreign antichrist forces. I don¨t believe me. I think he is just trying to fame and write a few bad words and want to pretend to be a son of God to lift himself up. He is just a domestic antichrist, it is impossible to have foreign forces. But I can¨t guarantee whether there is any contact. I personally think that there is no contact.
　　Because Ge¨s background is quite complicated, it¨s a bit wrong to call the son of God. The son of God must be pure, grace, and pure. Ge¨s things clearly show the complex feelings of his thoughts and the overflow of passion is not pure, but like a small melting pot of potpourri. Ge is not the son of God. I am a disciple of Buddha, but I can¨t guarantee whether it has anything to do with my Buddha or not. I can¨t guarantee that Ge is definitely not a son of God.
　　I would like to tell certain big bosses that the Son of God is not controlled by you. Who is the Son of God is the Son of God. It¨s not that you can taint it with a single ＾wordofgod￣. Understand if you let such a person play the role of the parent and son of God. Is there a little bit, can you choose someone who looks like a god son to play the god son?
　　Pretending to be a son of God, contaminating the Bible with ＾wordofgod￣s, convicted of two crimes, typical Christian cases, related people, etc. are antichrist groups, preliminary suspects may be related to foreign antichrist forces
　　
　　719、Hey! When I first searched for something, I found it accidentally.
　　So by the way, click to see...
　　Ge Yimin, thank you Ge Ge for your thoughts. Seeing you have such a beneficial assistant, Yimei is happy for you from the bottom of my heart. Congratulations!
　　You say that you are good at waiting. You are willing to wait, but the righteous sister does not know when the deadline is.
　　I can only tell you that the heavy pressure of work and study makes the righteous sisters have no time to take care of this...
　　The wordless book of life is really hard to figure out. Perhaps, only when we wait for the day we leave will we really understand what life is. At that time, there will be no more troubles...
　　I forgot to tell you, Yimei did not receive your message. There are too many annoying things recently. In order to be able to calm down and work hard, Yimei changed her mobile phone number... If you have something, please leave a message QQ
　　When the song flowers are in full bloom, we will be among the visitors with you.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: The Bible, Divine Comedy, ＾wordofgod￣s, Dizziness.
　　"Asia's mouth brother: Divine comedy is poetry, the Bible is a Christian classic, and ＾wordofgod￣s are the heresy of Ge Fool.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Ge Xie named it nervously. It's not good, but it's really good, and it's easy to remember.
　　"Asia's mouth brother: Hehe, of course you have to use your brain to deceive people.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: The words of self-proclaimed god are actually for the sake of remembering.
　　Suddenly felt that the "Bible" should be renamed "＾wordofgod￣"
　　They wrote this book to praise the gods, not the saints, so it should be renamed "＾wordofgod￣".
　　
　　720, GeYiMin, you can build your own education.
　　I support freedom of religious belief.
　　Most existing religions have been established from scratch. Even if a new religion is established, as long as it does not violate laws and ethics, and does not infringe on the rights of others, others are understandable.
　　GeYiMin claims that he has a dream, I do not deny it at all. Even if it's a spring dream, there is nothing to be embarrassed about. Different dreams and spring dreams are natural states that all people often have. It's purely normal.
　　You said it was God's dream, and I don't doubt it-God often does this. Last night, God told me to dream that I would not step on shit today, but I did not step on it today, thank God.
　　It is also your personal understanding that God wants you to be the leader and savior of the world. No one else can control it.
　　In my understanding, Christ Jesus was going to go to the cross for man¨s sins.
　　We can try this: Pin you up and let it hang for a few days to see if it can be resurrected? This will prove whether God made you the savior.
　　Of course, you can disagree with this understanding, it's a bit scary after all.
　　Perhaps some milder methods can be used to prove it: for example, can you stand on the water? Jesus can.
　　Try it out in the bathtub first, and let's discuss it further if it works.
　　As for establishing a new religion, this is not the same as establishing a sect.
　　Martin Luther did not recognize the Pope, but he recognized Jesus as the "only" Savior and the absolute authority of the Bible. So Martin Luther can be said to be a sect of Christianity. Because Jesus said: Even when heaven and earth are abolished, no painting of the law can be abolished.
　　You claim to be a new prophet, a new Christ, and you have to promulgate new scriptures. It would be a bit wronged to make you a Christian "sect".
　　Of course we all know that your great ideal is to be a "teacher", not a "bishop."
　　There is one person who has done this successfully in history, that is, Muhammad. People have tens of thousands of troops armed to the teeth as their backing. what do you have? a computer?
　　May God bless the freedom of belief,
　　May God bless you and your computer.
　　Amen.
　　""Thank you Mr. Zhou Yu, you are still gentle and rational:)
　　(Ge Yimin, you can build your own education.)
　　It was built long ago, but you still need to teach it now? :) --- GeYiMinjiao, formerly called Yemeijiao, for many years.
　　(Different dreams and spring dreams are natural states that all people often have)
　　You underestimate the dreams and visions and the Bible.
　　God-given is called a dream and vision, and few people have it.
　　(Pin you up and hang it for a few days to see if it can be resurrected?)
　　GeYiMin has, the crucifixion and resurrection, and it is real, and can be specifically said in the future, but Jesus just said in the book.
　　(For example, can you stand on the water? Jesus can do it)
　　Jesus can, but you believe it, you did not see it, and more people choose not to believe it.
　　(a computer?)
　　You underestimated the Internet. And Ge Yimin is not only information, but also action, that is, suffering content. I think it will be announced soon.
　　
　　721. The Boundless Sea of ??People: Ge Shen's Message Collection
　　I feel that Ge Shen sorts out the photos of classmates' messages in a mess. Many of them are mixed with photos of high school students and college classmates. It might be better to put the high school messages in the front and the university ones in the back.
　　"Yesue: I shot it twice, and I shot it twice, and there are still many that I haven't shot yet. The first time I chose the important ones, the second time in alphabetical order.
　　〃〃Eroluy: Are there any good celebrities among Geshen's college classmates who are now mixed up?
　　"The vast sea of ??people: I don¨t know, but you can try searching for "a classmate¨s name X Jiangsu" on the search engine, and you should be able to find some.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Zhuxue, don't you aite, can you see it?
　　The original poster thinks he is the only saint, and he can't get out of the mountain all the time, and he is anxious, but everyone is like that.
　　"Lagerstroemia Star: Shallow-water crucian carp group will eventually have trouble, including you.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: I feel that everyone is in a hurry. Some people want to commit suicide and return to their place. How about you?
　　"Temperature Aston Center: Ge is brainwashed and deceived.
　　
　　722、. : Is it fun to scan the screen to promote your ＾wordofgod￣s in major forums?
　　Religion 20:32:45
　　Evangelization
　　Religion 20:32:51
　　Evangelism
　　. 20:33:21
　　To realize communism in 2019, what does this communism refer to?
　　Religion 20:33:49
　　The specifics need to be tested and discussed
　　Religion 20:34:11
　　Wealth equality
　　. 20:34:24
　　Is it done by you?
　　Religion 20:34:46
　　Everyone, I set the benchmark
　　. 20:35:25
　　So in other words, you are the initiator, and everyone refers to Ge Hua, which is the Divine Party, right?
　　Religion 20:35:45
　　Everyone refers to everyone
　　Religion 20:36:01
　　We now preach the gospel
　　. 20:36:18
　　Everyone is in a broad sense. As far as I know, many people in society scold you
　　Religion 20:36:40
　　Their minds are not at this level
　　. 20:37:19
　　And now evangelism is absorbing the ＾wordofgod￣s of believers and supporters?
　　Religion 20:37:54
　　No, I don¨t want believers, I just propagate ideas
　　. 20:38:35
　　How can no believer rise up with you?
　　Religion 20:38:51
　　Just accept it
　　Religion 20:39:08
　　I don¨t rebel, and peacefully preach
　　. 20:39:13
　　Is it right to accept imperceptibly?
　　Religion 20:39:18
　　Correct
　　. 20:39:35
　　But you call yourself the savior
　　Religion 20:40:04
　　Yes, I have a trial of thinking vision
　　. 20:40:22
　　What is the meaning of the savior?
　　Religion 20:40:43
　　People who save the world are happy
　　Religion 20:40:50
　　Are you female?
　　. 20:41:09
　　Yes it is
　　Religion 20:41:28
　　Too many people suffer, I am sad, this is what I did
　　. 20:41:51
　　Can preaching the gospel save the suffering people
　　Religion 20:42:06
　　Property equality
　　Religion 20:42:23
　　Spirit is hierarchical
　　Religion 20:42:47
　　Many people eat poorly
　　. 20:43:00
　　A ＾wordofgod￣ can't save the public
　　Religion 20:43:01
　　Toil all day
　　Religion 20:43:13
　　I have a trial
　　. 20:43:27
　　What's the trial
　　. 20:43:31
　　How to test
　　Religion 20:43:38
　　The video series of trials will make people understand love and truth.
　　Religion 20:43:56
　　Go to the cross, similar
　　. 20:44:04
　　May I take a look at it
　　Religion 20:44:16
　　It's not time
　　. 20:46:05
　　Does your resurrection on this day show that you are a saint who came to save the world?
　　Religion 20:46:28
　　(5) Commemorative festival
　　Good Friday 1214: For the world, for the society, the society for GeYiMin, GeYiMin entered the trial, half prison, and suffered on the cross.
　　Easter 1221: In order to save the world, GeYiMin died, God blessed the death and resurrected, defeated the sting of death, and brought hope to the world.
　　0131 Ge's Birthday: Ge Yimin's birthday.
　　. 20:46:48
　　Are you going to jail
　　Religion 20:46:54
　　I was resurrected in December 1990
　　Religion 20:47:07
　　No, unorganized
　　. 20:47:29
　　Why do you say you are in jail?
　　Religion 20:47:45
　　Public at that time
　　Religion 20:47:54
　　Can't say now
　　Religion 20:48:06
　　Half jail
　　. 20:49:05
　　Ok
　　
　　723. Username (missing person notice): Missing person notice
　　Looking for Ge Yimin, male, 51 years old, disappeared after publishing P-related content on June 09, and has not returned yet. If you have news or channels, please leave a message or send me a private message. https://twitter.com/geyimin/with_replies http://www.20331126.xyz/bbs/ As shown in the link, this person has no record of speaking since the 09th of this month. Search Tieba, Weibo, B at the same time There is no news from the stations, and most of the contents of station B and Weibo have been deleted and banned. There was no response from the contact on QQ. The administrator is requested not to delete or block this post, it is a matter of life. Please contact me if you have any news.
　　June 23, 2020
　　Cai Wei is still saved, and an anti-G net philosopher named GeYiMin disappeared directly.
　　I hope they will be free soon. I haven't experienced the sudden disappearance of people around me before, and it feels strange now.
　　Reply to the article: Make money for you (Ge Yimin)
　　Are you still alive?
　　
　　724. Ms. Peanut Butter: The historical mission of the sage of crape myrtle
　　One is to bring mankind to a world of great harmony, and two, to unify religion. I feel that those who can achieve these two points have the potential to become a saint.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Ge Xie did this.
　　1. 20331126 Communist society.
　　Second, the religion.
　　Evil, your ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"" Deyang himself: If you have purple or not, you have to say that to be the best yourself is to succeed.
　　"13293581: Fools only look at ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: There are a lot of fools.
　　
　　725. The Boundless Sea of ??People: The Time Ranking of Netizens Played with Boredom
　　First place Ge Shen went online in March 2001 (20 years ago)
　　Second place strongart went online in 2006, but according to the age of its post account "strongart", it seems that it was registered in 2005 (sixteen or fifteen years ago)
　　The third place: Shepherd Yunjie went online in 2007 and wrote the novel "The Rebirth of Ten Thousand Buddhas" at the same time (14 years ago)
　　Yunjie and your aunt are almost online at the same time
　　The fourth place is Chinese Yang Shisan. In June 2008, he went online to establish "Jingzi Kingdom" and promoted "Looking for God" and then replaced Jingzi Kingdom with a civilized country (13 years ago)
　　The fifth place: Zhang Tianshi went online in 2009 and promoted the idea of ??reaching the world in Tianya community (twelve years ago)
　　The sixth place is the bull warrior, unknown. It should have been online during 2011 as a little girl in the Han family (ten years ago)
　　Seventh place: Zhao Kexun was active in 2012 (nine years ago)
　　The eighth place Wang Keren was active on Facebook in 2013 and only became active on Tieba at the end of the same year (eight years ago)
　　
　　726, lalkia2012: knowingly impossible facts
　　What is it to pray blindly, not to ask in vain?
　　Just like GeYiMin I pray to the Lord that everyone in the world will not die, what's the difference?
　　"Geyimin: Jesus is God, how can it not be realized? Creator, just created it again.
　　"Lagerstroemia saint's arrival: he is okay, he has done nothing.
　　"Deyang himself: write evil books and build evil nets.
　　""Huang Yuzhi Red Man: This man is the chief culprit of the young people in Hong Kong (＾wordofgod￣ Hong Kong Government Registration Map).
　　"Deyang himself: Yes, it's nervous.
　　"" 1296 Mind: I thought it was me, hahahaha.
　　"Huang Yuzhi Red Man: Don't admit to yourself, this man is harming Hong Kong.
　　Don't admit yourself in front of Brother Jian. You don't recognize this person. Not everything can be recognized.
　　It might be a disaster sometimes.
　　"" Knowing for my father: No wonder the zombification of stadiums is so serious,,, 20-year-old cyber zombies,,,
　　"Yeh Xue: I am older than them, elder.
　　
　　727. The vast sea of ??people: Ge Shen is more special and needs to look good.
　　Young and handsome, but unfortunately it was ruined later. To have a brain and a brain, it is 100,000 or even 90,000 times stronger than the ignorant Zhang Yunjie and the half-knowledgeable Aunt Liu. To be talented and talented, Ge Shen's writing style is quite good. Who in the world of online philosophy has more money? The economic situation of most Internet philosophers is almost close to that of the pauper. Aunt Liu can finally rank first, with Zhang Yunjie at the bottom. Which internet philosopher is the most persistent? Is it Professor Silk, or Ge Shen, or Zhang Yunjie? In terms of academic qualifications, Auntie Master and Ge Shen Bachelor, the two can be called the ceiling of high school education in the Internet philosopher circle. The middle one is silky, the poorer are Lan Zhi and He Wentao, and the bottom one is still Zhang Yunjie. Who is the most clean and self-contained Internet philosopher? I feel that only Zhao Kexun is the only one who pretends to be silly to gain popularity, but no one wants to hype him anymore.
　　
　　728. Goulash_: Ge's brain is stronger than Aunt Liu?
　　"The vast sea of ??people: I am sorry that I did make a mistake. At first, I thought Aunt Ge is better than she is a bit clear-headed. Auntie can't do anything except fart, and Ge is a graduate of Nanjing University. It is even better than West China University of Medical Sciences and has a strong academic performance. However, given that the aunt is a master, she dropped out of her PhD. Ge used this method of influx to become famous, and although his aunt's thoughts are close to magic, I now feel that the two should be on the same level.
　　
　　729、Pony-: Propagating the God of Ge
　　Ge Jimin was born in 1969, born in Zhenjiang, Jiangsu.
　　Graduated from Nanjing University.
　　Regarding his deeds, go directly to Baidu. Search directly on Douyin. Now the Geshen account and video have been taken off the shelf. Only Douyin can watch.
　　His book "Nervous" is included in HowNet. And there are physical books, which are very interesting. You can take a look if you are bored.
　　He said that he is a net philosopher, and he seems to be on fire with Alone 13?
　　The original poster first saw the information of God Ge in Revelation.
　　He feels very interesting, so share it. And he feels quite persistent. The impression left to me is at least better than that of materialism.
　　"Neural" physical book. (Picture Source Network)
　　You can search directly on HowNet.
　　When Ge Shen was young.
　　"Biao Beast: It's best not to add details about this person's post, it is easy to be blocked by Baidu.
　　""Pony-: Well, thank you for your reminder.
　　"The Return of Decheng: Now these silly people are allowed to talk nonsense on the Internet!" The old man really feels a little weird!
　　There are so many monsters and monsters now! It seems that it is unsatisfactory not to let them go crazy!
　　"" 00 Dream: Haha is almost back to the stove, not awake yet.
　　〃Yeh Xue: Is the influential method famous for swiping the screen?
　　"" The vast crowd: more than that, there are also Chuang Shenjiao, Gehua hype go to prison, others scold you to increase popularity and popularity, etc.
　　"Yeh Xue: New religions are very popular.
　　
　　730. Zhuxue and Taxue: Anyway, as long as the uncle doesn't abandon the children
　　No matter how much hardship I can bear, I will arrange them.
　　"Deyang himself: Who is the uncle?
　　〃〃Zhuxue and Taxue: The two-storey one, or the three-storey one.
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Xie.
　　Have you seen Shenwang, and know that the second and third floors are high.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Didn't you say that? Anyway, the Supreme God is right, two floors higher than the Haotiantian Emperor.
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Xie is the most mad.
　　TikTok is restricted. Search geyimin, can you still find it? I only saw it when I was concerned about it before.
　　""Pony -: Only those who paid attention to it before can see it.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: It is not searchable, it is useless. Shenwang has a video.
　　Micro-vision geyimin, normal.
　　Ge Xie has announced it for 20 years.
　　
　　731, Paul Ge Paul: GeYiMin these three words are now all blocked in the country
　　As long as the result of the profile search is GeYiMin, it will not be included, nor will it be relevant.
　　In addition to Q group, GeYiMin shall not appear.
　　Baidu search god network, GeYiMin related results don't block, Google is fine.
　　Remove everything from keywords to search results.
　　The related ones are not acceptable, and the benefits have been upgraded.
　　The same search "inexplicable than the user",
　　Baidu would not have you
　　Before searching for his name, you can still see his comments about you. Now it is the result of blocking as long as there is GeYimin, not just blocking the search term Le.
　　Google will be fine
　　"Ge Shen: Go to Ge Yimin.
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Xie is the most mad.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Zhu Shen Zhi Er.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Isn't it Gehua Zhier?
　　Crazy? If I treat evil, I¨m also crazy.
　　"Deyang himself: You are the representative of Ge Hua.
　　〃〃Tieba user_a2J1PyJ: So you are Ge Hua, no wonder you are mentally abnormal.
　　"Xiaobai Mr_White: You think too much, Hong Kong people don't look at their ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　"" Deyang himself: Who would watch it?
　　"Huang Yuzhi Red Man: I know what people look at.
　　People like me will read it.
　　Huang Zhifeng, he must have seen it.
　　"" Deyang himself: I know how to read Huang Zifeng.
　　"Huang Yuzhi Red Man: Huang Yiyifeng must have a look at it once he is willing.
　　Otherwise, it won't do that.
　　"" Deyang himself: What kind of ＾wordofgod￣s did he read?
　　"Evil day: I also want to be your Gehua, is there any way?
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Xieyou's official website.
　　
　　732. The Boundless Sea of ??People: Ge Shen's Message Collection
　　To be honest, I have seen Ge Shen upload photos of his classmates "Dong Jingping" and "Hong Yan" on Qzone in 13 years before. The captions of the pictures were "Teng Lijun knows" and "Andy Lau clearly" come here.
　　"Yesue: Boundless, how many years have you followed me? Do you remember it was 13 years, I forgot, because the photos uploaded before were blurred, so I marked it clearly that time.
　　！！！！！-627, Schlachtkreuzer: "How to create your own meme"
　　It suddenly occurred to me today that the Internet philosophers represented by Chuang, Jie, Zhuang, and God seem to have done this.
　　""Yu Peicheng -: How do I have to do with my ＾wordofgod￣s? What is "death"? What is "difficulty" without knocking on your door?
　　"Deyang himself: Good old comrades, this sentence is just funny but it's hard to believe or die.
　　""Pony -: I replied to Ge's post, and this person has been pestering me to pay him for his mental damage. I might as well directly promote Ge Shen, anyway, he will come to me if he doesn't promote it.
　　"Deyang himself: He wants to sell Ge's information for 50,000 friends.
　　
　　733. Ge Yimin: Your website has been suspended.
　　"" abc605521864: What do you promote? It looks a lot like cult content, which is illegal and can be restored by deleting it.
　　"Ge Yimin: The government hasn't designated a cult, so you can't say it.
　　Refund.
　　〃〃Abc605521864: Apply for a refund, choose not to want it.
　　"Lalakia2012: Just ask Jesus to meet me!
　　Since it is so versatile, it must be no problem!
　　""Geyimin: Jesus can't, I can.
　　"SayNo to Umno: The Chinese are at least better educated than you."
　　Strongly opposed to believe in Jesus to interfere in our Chinese politics, long live the CCP, hidup CCP
　　〃〃Geyimin: Interfering with you by posting a post?
　　〃Momao: May I ask whether your personal website was built by someone or you built it yourself. If you built it yourself, did you directly write the source code of the webpage or use what tool to build the website?
　　〃〃Yesue: Built by myself, direct source code.
　　
　　734. The vast sea of ??people: Why do Internet philosophers like yy so much?
　　Ge Shen, like Zhang Yunjie, likes Liu Yifei, but he also likes the objects he likes in real life, such as Han Qinfen. Ge Shen once claimed to have dreamed of Han Qinfen and the goddess, and even dreamed of marrying a saint at the gate of the factory Yy himself is a god (I say this is necessary), but I have never known what Ge Shen¨s motivation was when he started the religion. In this regard, Ge Shen selected a certain section of ＾wordofgod￣s. It was recorded that Ge Shen was a gcist since he was a child. This content.
　　Zhang Yunjie said that he has no hatred in his heart, and he can calm down any black penxiao comments. In fact, it means that there is no silver three hundred taels here. It is really not as good as the Ge Shen who has no hatred in his heart. .
　　"Ye Xue: 1. God is based on this:: ＾wordofgod￣ One 6. In the autumn of 2001, Ge Yimin lay on a big bed in Zhenjiang's home to sleep in the morning. In a dream, God said: "I am a god, you must listen to him (Ge Yimin)." Immediately When I woke up, I felt magical about "Zing Ge Yimin" when his wife and children were at home. (Ge Yimin was anointed as a god).
　　2. The religion is based on this:: ＾wordofgod￣s 16: ＾wordofgod￣ 16: The Five Steps of Unifying the World in 85 Years (Second Grade):
　　Peking University, going abroad, Nobel Prize in Literature, societies, unified world.
　　He was 16 years old.
　　Now there are five steps to unify the world: Nanjing University, Shenwang, ＾wordofgod￣, God Religion, and Unify the World.
　　
　　735. Feihai Yueyu: Ge Shen at least dare to say and dare to do, which is much better than many people.
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Xie is not afraid.
　　〃〃Liu Yifei 2033: Ge Zhu is not afraid of death.
　　"Guan Kaiyuan: Ge Zhu still wants to enter the game?
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Ge Xie doesn't want to.
　　"Lidibao: Mao Zedong founded New China and organized the Communist Party. Regarding Chinese thought as feudalism, and burning all the sages and sages' books, children can scold their parents, and the only person who cannot scold Mao Zedong.
　　""Geyimin: Emperor Mao, haha.
　　"Jecksont: Who told them that the Chinese have been so good for five thousand years, but they want a revolution, no wonder people."
　　Yes, the old China is such a good country with ethics, justice and shame, everyone is well-fed, and they don¨t know why the revolution is coming.
　　"Geyimin: Who has revolutionized? What is the fate of the revolution? The top is still Cixi, and the bottom is the Boxer.
　　
　　736、It's a big deal
　　No matter how attacked and evaluated it, he was indifferent, and he did not appear to be educated at all: Zhang Tianshi, shepherd Yunjie, Ge Yimin, Wang Keren, He Wentao, Zhao Kexun, Chen Weirong, Bull Warrior.
　　A tough guy, but at the same time he can discover his past improper deeds to make him apologize or make related actions: Yang Fan, Yu Zhicheng, Lin Haoze.
　　Only dare to be incompetent and furious or care about and pull the dark night butterfly behind: your aunt, Yu Zhicheng, Lin Haoze.
　　〃〃The Big Five: In addition, TV chef seems to have made a few creative videos about you, which are also among the early group of people in Le Ge. Do you still know how TV chefs are doing now?
　　"Ge Yimin: I lost contact with my old QQ after being blocked, and I have always missed him. He also made a lot of pictures about me. He was depressed and caring. I also want to know his current situation.
　　
　　737、The vast crowd: Have you ever been a reporter?
　　"Yeh Xue: Xinhua News Agency News Information Center, not an official reporter.
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: Really? Then why do I remember that you posted a personal business card of a reporter from the editorial department of the "Zhenjiang Economy" special edition? It is the second season of GeYiMin's photos.
　　"Yes Xue: Yes, this Jiangsu Economic News reporter mainly engages in paid news. I don't like it. I care more about Xinhua News Agency's News Information Center.
　　〃〃The vast sea of ??people: I have a suggestion to Yunjie. I suggest to write together all the impressive dreams I have done so far, and mark the time of dreaming, arrange them in chronological order, and write "Different Dreams" separately. Chapter", I believe this is definitely a masterpiece that transcends Tao Te Ching! Of course, if you imitate your old predecessor Ge Shen and then write the "Wolf Sutra", you can write down any ideas of your own and upgrade the brains of the majority of wolf fans. If you can build your own personal website, it would be better. Up.
　　"Yeh Xue: God Net, ＾wordofgod￣, Vision Book, and another God Cult.
　　
　　738、Why are you here?
　　Is there any interaction with other Pueraria lobata flowers? I'm not on the gods.
　　In other words, it is quite unexpected that you still had some sense of justice back then.
　　"Ge Yimin: The main QQ is blocked, Ge Hua can not be contacted, there is a small Teng, like to send me updates to my wiki page, and also wrote comments.
　　What is the sense of justice in the past?
　　"" The vast crowd: It means that you don't like paid news.
　　"Ge Yimin: We were sending manuscripts at that time, how much money was charged, what kind of governing unit and so on, how much money a year, how many manuscripts, this is not like news, but like sales.
　　"Dong Qingyi: I have a showdown, in fact, I am the saint you are looking for.
　　"" Deyang himself: In the end, Ge Xie was a toddler.
　　"Xuan Yuan Han Xu Taoist: Ge Shen was eventually taken away.
　　"" Deyang himself: always there.
　　"Dong Qingyi: Is Ge Pi dead?
　　〃〃Deyang himself: No, to 20331126
　　"Dong Qingyi: Why, who measured it.
　　"" Deyang himself: ＾wordofgod￣ One 29, 20131126 Dreams: the demise of the political party 20 years later (2033). In a harmonious communist society, mankind¨s peaceful and mutually-aid management no longer needs an autocratic party.
　　
　　739. Anonymous 12264: Ge Yimin was returned to nothingness by checking the water meter
　　http://geyimin.blogchina.com/822112922.html You want to reply to him by email, but now he doesn't reply to me anymore.
　　""Thinking of the small kitchen: That's why I can't see him anymore.
　　"Deyang himself: I'm here every day.
　　〃〃Tieba User_aD4bUAW: Thoughts? Rely on writing books to achieve Datong society?
　　Your purple is here to make a joke?
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Saints do not rely on thoughts? Rely on the army? Ge Xie also writes ＾wordofgod￣s, not builds an army.
　　〃〃Tieba user_aD4bUAW: Who knows, thinking alone is too ridiculous.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Thoughts change the world, Jesus, Marx, and Ge Xie admit themselves.
　　
　　740. Manevil: To think about the world, we must first control birth.
　　"Ge Yimin: I think we need resources from the wasteland and the ocean.
　　""Xuan Yuan Han Xu Taoist: @從袒衂蝕 There are people who are going to be God Ge, but how can you fix it?
　　"Deyang himself: Zimei matches Ge Xie.
　　Known as Ge Yema.
　　〃〃Tieba user_aD4bUAW: Yes, he has changed. Please also understand his family background. Let¨s talk about American recognition? This can't reach the prestige of purple.
　　Look, it's all teasing him. With the family background of Marx and Lenin, the strength to change. We won't just be joking.
　　"Deyang himself: What is the background of Jesus and Marx?
　　〃〃Manevil: Maintain all natural resources and reduce pollution.
　　"Ge Yimin: I believe in the future of science.
　　〃〃Timeytfd:: Ge Xie¨s personal website, ＾All Sites of God¨s Religion￣, can update his nest stronghold at any time.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Ge Xie learns to walk and thinks about it.
　　
　　741. Tieba user_aD4bUAW: I didn't say Jesus
　　He ended up making wedding dresses for others. Marx, you can look it up.
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Xie has the ＾wordofgod￣s of the gods and gets married by himself, haha.
　　""Ala Lei: Who is so wicked, set up this game.
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Xie Ge Hua started his head.
　　""Ala Lei: Ge Shen is pretty good.
　　"Deyang himself: You know Ge Xie, how is he getting better? Besides, you are 28, why doesn't your mother let you fall in love?
　　""Ala Lei: Ge Shen is an old friend, good or not, there is hard work without credit. Because I don't know how to talk, I have no experience, and I'm too naive.
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Xie considers himself a saint, and you recognize yourself again, conflict.
　　"Ala Lei: What's the conflict? Whoever wants to be a saint is a chant.
　　"Deyang himself: You have affirmed that you are a saint, but Ge Xie is not. What is okay with him?
　　"Ala Lei: I also can't tell, the inexplicable favor, maybe he is a predecessor in the world of saints.
　　"Deyang himself: This is true, he is the first ten saints.
　　"Ala Lei: I didn't catch up at the earliest, I only knew that there were white crystal, Pipa fairy, Ge Shen, Tanaka Xingzhe, Ten Jian, Tubaozi, these.
　　"Deyang himself: All these people, except Ge Xie, have retired or half retired from the holy circle.
　　""Ala Lei: Why?
　　"Deyang himself: The saints are always unable to get out of the mountain, year after year, they leave in disappointment.
　　
　　742, timeytfd: Ge never really went in
　　He hasn't caught it now, he has never been sentenced, and he still happily engages in his practice.
　　"Deyang himself: Are you boundless?
　　〃〃Manevil: In the development of science, machinery can be used to replace manpower. Naturally, the population can not be too much. Energy conservation is needed to maintain natural resources. The pollution caused by population is too serious. Not people-oriented, nature-oriented, and the environment must be protected.
　　"Ge Yimin: Natural resources, nature, and the environment are not all for mankind? Only mankind is the son of God.
　　〃〃The vast crowd: Now I will be active in Tieba related to Ge and He Wentao.
　　
　　743, manevil: Humans cannot mismanage nature
　　There are indeed too many humans, so there has been an epidemic to reduce the population.
　　"Ge Yimin: There are too many people, who is the "many"? Or rely on science or gods, everyone has the right to survival and happiness.
　　〃〃Timeytfd: There are not a few accounts related to Ge Xie who posted excerpts from certain sections of ＾wordofgod￣s before. I have probably seen dozens of accounts, and almost all of them have been banned. It seems that religious thoughts cannot be posted. Just talk about Ge and it's fine.
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Xie himself has a total of about 150 accounts, all of which have been sealed.
　　Now I just can't scream about the greatest, the only thing, and criticize Ge's okay.
　　Post it, everyone should have it, I can¨t find SZ, and SC comment is also good.
　　〃〃The vast crowd: After all, it¨s because the avatar and nickname are almost exposed. If you don¨t use those suggestive nicknames and only reversely promote Ge, then it should still be advisable. Let¨s see how long this latest account can live.
　　〃Yesue: Post it, if my two accounts are blocked, you can delete the number, and you can re-register for the corresponding mobile phone number. Only my mobile phone number 139 and 136 cannot be registered.
　　Zhihu, you can¨t invent an obvious Xuange post, it lets you post it, and it will be blocked someday.
　　In fact, in addition to the navigation, I have other Zhihu, Douban, and Jianshu. Because of many searches, they are sealed, and no new posts are posted. Only Douban, the trumpet is posting, and the trumpet is in the new application group.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: He can't be too hot, he is targeted by the Internet police, whoever preaches him will be banned.
　　"Deyang himself: The more fire the better, let him rise to immortality.
　　
　　744. The vast sea of ??people: Knowing: "GYM" has been sealed
　　"You want to listen to him" is unknown, "Shen Wang" is disabled, and "Deyang Li Juan" is now used.
　　Douban: The "＾wordofgod￣" group is intact, the account number is in the existing "gym" and the "Shenwang" "Yesue" is also registered.
　　Short book: The situation of "Gehua" is unknown, now "Shenwang" is used.
　　Post it: close at first sight.
　　"Yeh Xue: Cang Mang is an expert in neurological research.
　　Zhihu, "You have to listen to him" is normal.
　　https://www.zhihu.com/people/gegodcom
　　Article 144
　　Douban: Yexue was blocked and all her posts disappeared. "Shenwang" and "Gehua" are applying for a new group and are under review.
　　Short book: "Gehua" is normal.
　　https://www.jianshu.com/u/20c248226c01
　　Article 117
　　Post it, the 2 reverse promotional numbers are normal.
　　""Zhuxue and Taxue: It's already top-notch, and there's nowhere to go.
　　"Deyang himself: It has to become a god. Shenma 20331126, very early.
　　
　　745, manevil: The fertility rate is now higher than the death rate
　　The population has grown too much, so I think birth control will be necessary in the future.
　　"Ge Yimin: The population has generally been growing. The fertility rate in Europe, America and Japan is low. They have national guarantees. Hei and Mu will not listen to you. It is China's family planning for decades and must encourage birth.
　　We still need resources from the wasteland and the ocean to create resources.
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Xie can only sell 5 Hong Kong dollars e-book ＾wordofgod￣s at EBAY.
　　Liu Yifei, the saint of Ge Xie.
　　
　　746. Manevil: The Holy Spirit is the Creator's Ontology
　　It is the core of the infinity and the world, the original origin of the universe, and spiritual people must know him. Establishing a world of unity, emphasizing the soul, and mutual help and love is the direction of future development.
　　"Ge Yimin: God is the only creator. He did not need Jesus and the Holy Spirit to create the world. After the creation, Jesus, as the savior, redeemed the lost human beings, and the Holy Spirit was his motivation to guide people spiritually.
　　"" Manevil: If you think this way, disasters and wars will occur, and the population will decrease in the future.
　　"Ge Yimin: If the population is decreasing, wouldn't mankind eventually perish.
　　"" Knowing for my father: Do you really think normal people have time to watch those broken things about you?
　　〃Yeh Xue: EBAY has sold nearly a hundred e-books for 5 Hong Kong dollars per copy.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: It's about Ge Xie.
　　"Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: Okay, I'll find him for you, he is in Zhenjiang.
　　Fancy Lao Ge.
　　But it shouldn't be Lao Ge who really fancy it, it's Chuangshi Shen.
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Xie claims to have created the God of Creation.
　　
　　747, Zhuxue and Taxue: No wonder, Lao Ge has also become a sweet pastry.
　　"Deyang himself: Bamboo sage, there is no fragrance yet, it claims to be.
　　""Zhuxue and Taxue: Haha, let me guess who Deyang is and the great god of Zhou Xin is a child's partner.
　　"Deyang himself: Nervous record: Deyang Li Juan, screen name: myself.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Is the ＾wordofgod￣ so magical?
　　"Deyang himself: Contemporary Christian Communism.
　　〃〃The vast crowd: How about the sale of the neuro e-book version?
　　〃Yeh Xue: EBAY, a total of nearly one hundred books, 5 Hong Kong dollars per book, starting at 3 Hong Kong dollars, EBAY needs to take 2 points, change to 5 Hong Kong dollars.
　　"Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: Christian Communism.
　　"Manevil: Only by controlling the population will it not perish. If the population growth is not controlled, nature will do the work to reduce the population.
　　"" Ge Yimin: How to control?
　　1. Hei and Mu will listen to you? In Europe, for example, the proportion of black and Mu in France is increasing, and even the United States is worried.
　　Even with the Bible, God also makes people multiply, spread all over the earth.
　　2. China's family planning has been controlled for decades. Why is it not controlled now? It encourages childbirth?
　　
　　748. The vast crowd: Ge Shen's video is read in one go.
　　Yunjie actually speaks a few words in English, "I am a god", the rhythm of grabbing jobs with Ge Shen.
　　Investigating this kind of knowledge of the Internet Zhedou, like Geshen only the content of Shenwang is self-built, while some of the other flagships are made with website templates and point to other platform accounts.
　　"Yeh Xue: Shenwang is a manual HTML website with its own source code and FTP upload. Of course, forums and blogs use ready-made programs and no one builds them themselves. These programs are made by top N top programmers in N years, and they are also built in some platforms.
　　"" Knows for my father: Nearly a hundred copies sold in 10 years [smile] sales have exploded to the family.
　　"Yesue: You said no one watched it, but a hundred people paid to watch it.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Uncle is right, he is the highest and only true god. His reasoning is also correct, time and facts tell everything, and I will not protect them anymore.
　　"Deyang himself: The bamboo sage is the only two saints.
　　""Zhuxue and Taxue: Only two? ? Who is the only one?
　　"Deyang himself: I am Li Juan from Deyang, haha.
　　
　　749. The boundless sea of ??people: On the topic of gaining power, Ge Shen's true intentions
　　It is also reflected in his "Nervous".
　　Ge Shen's "Han Qinfen" blog on Weibo has been caught.
　　"Manevil: The saying that God gives birth to many people is outdated. When people are educated and wise, they will no longer pursue fertility. Civilized countries have already exercised population control. Too many people will make poverty. Failure to do so will only require the lower classes to feed the rich.
　　"Ge Yimin: I believe in technological breakthroughs in the future, Siberia, north-central Canada, even Antarctica, and even the great desert.
　　The black and Muyin nationalities and religions will not listen to you or whoever controls them. The so-called civilized country to implement family planning for them is simply not feasible, and no one wants to implement it.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: You are the great god of Zhou Xin.
　　The three big masters of Zhou Xin seem to have stood opposite my emperor.
　　"Deyang himself: I am Li Juan, and I am Ge Hei.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Can the children surrender to Zhou Xin?
　　"Deyang himself: I am Li Juan, beautiful Li Juan; I am Li Juan, lovely Li Juan; I am Li Juan, you don¨t understand Li Juan.
　　""Zhuxue and Taxue: Hahahaha, the great god can really make a joke, a group of people playing with myself can be regarded as a hatred.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Bamboo Sage, eat a stick of my American Liu Yifei.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Didn't you betroth yourself to Ge Xie? Why are you still learning Wukong to use a stick?
　　"Deyang himself: We are Ge Hei, occasionally teasing Ge Xie, and also teasing Zhu Sheng.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Are you three masters afraid that I will become a threat to you in Zhouxin? You can't wait for your uncle to take me away soon, right?
　　
　　750. The vast sea of ??people: Being a god, there is also the realization of world unity.
　　"Yeh Xue: That's right, 20331126
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: Have you ever thought about how to continue the religious career after your own death?
　　"Yesue: I don't want this, only 52, 20331126 will live forever."
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Meet the great god Zhou Xin.
　　"Black Bird: I was really ashamed to meet the Great God of Zhou Xin.
　　"" Deyang himself: What is the Great God of Zhou Xin?
　　I AM GOD
　　"Blackbird: Hello, Zhou Xin is the origin of the universe.
　　"Deyang himself: Queen Mother, yes, I am a singularity.
　　"Noel: If Weibo is sent to people like God's Eagle, it is estimated that Jiezi will end up similar to Ge.
　　"" Deyang himself: Ge Xie has an official website, the only Internet philosopher.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: are you sure that you can live forever on that day?" There is no difference between yourself and a mortal.
　　"Yesue: The difference is that I have dreams and visions, and the most important thing is that the ＾wordofgod￣ is the cornerstone of ＾wordofgod￣s. That day was also set by my vision, and I can only talk about it until that day, that day, I was 64 years old.
　　"Zhu Xue and Ta Xue: I will always be a child in the eyes of my uncle and the great god Zhou Xin.
　　"Deyang himself: I see, I am the Great God of Zhou Xin.
　　
　　751. For the father to know: I have missed my appointment in 20191001, and I still count on this?
　　"Yeh Xue: According to GeYiMin's vision, at the beginning of 201910, he has become a god.
　　"" Knowing for the father: Can a god owe debts? Hahaha.
　　〃Yesue: What debt do I owe?
　　Ge Paulo would pretend to be me, but the debt is obviously a rumor of Ge Hei.
　　〃〃The vast sea of ??people: The so-called becoming a god of the god stick is just a dream, and in his eyes it seems that everything can be solved by dreaming.
　　"Yeh Xue: Different dreams and different dreams.
　　〃〃Manevil: You can¨t preach the wrong way just because you think you won¨t accept it, lest young people feel so painful that they want to walk into the virtual world and call the ＾present￣ to die.
　　"Ge Yimin: I think birth control is impossible. The reason has been said many times. I think there is no shortage of resources, but unevenness and untapped.
　　Keep your own opinions.
　　"" Knowing for the Father: How does it feel when your blogging community has been olives?
　　〃Yesue: No one can take advantage of my official blog, community, and my own. The blog of the portal website, 1. The publicity has reached, after all, the gospel has spread; 2. Build it again.
　　
　　752. Zhuxue and Taxue: So my enemy is Michael
　　You are God, are you the last God of this universe?
　　My opponent is you and Michael? ? ?
　　"Deyang himself: The current God is not your opponent, I love you.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: Thank you ancestors, I love you too.
　　"Deyang himself: You have so many nouns, lexicologist.
　　"" Zhuxue and Taxue: I finally know who you are. You are really a god. It is the responsibility of all the gods to teach the gods. The Buddha is a teacher of heaven and good people, and his reputation in the world is left to the gods. Well, the Buddha does not need reputation, as long as the gods can take on the responsibility of the gods to pass this level.
　　"Knowing for my father: It turns out that Shenxian Ge doesn't know how his reputation is in the local area.
　　"" Ye Xue: Are you from Zhenjiang? Do you know my reputation? I don't want fame, I just want popularity.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: Ge Shen is really strong enough. You have been presumptuous for more than ten years as long as you are not against anyone and as long as you are popular, and the fact that you pretend to be Ge Hei reversely propaganda is incredible, I still I saw someone like you for the first time.
　　"Yesxue: I posted just for publicity, and I pretended to be Ge Hei, just posting it, because I am now positively promoting it, so I will be blocked immediately.
　　Tieba is my main battlefield. Netizens' comments, thousands of sections, are basically from Tieba.
　　
　　753、The vast crowd: Yes. I still have a lot of thanks to you
　　The habit of including speeches, because the comments of the year have been cleared almost, only you can find the backup. And time classification comments are also very convenient to check,,,
　　"Yesue: Collecting comments is my original creation, I didn't learn from others. Of course, when I thought about collecting, I didn't collect them before. For example, when Yemei Community and Tieba products were first created, they did not collect. At that time, many people in Yemei Community posted posts. There are also QQ chat records. At that time, QQ and Meimei opened a few windows, and they were too busy.
　　The ID was not written at first, but the ID was written later.
　　There are very few comments that the time is wrong, and they were later discovered to be collected.
　　In addition, the comments that I did not see were of course not collected.
　　"" Deyang himself: Is it to be like Ge Xie's 800,000 words, no one can read it.
　　"Manevil: (Matthew 10:36) People's enemies are people in their own family.
　　To change the topic, do you agree with Jesus saying that his family members are enemies?
　　"Ge Yimin: I don't agree with Jesus, only relatives love themselves, and parents are the people who love themselves most selflessly. Once a person is in trouble, it is his relatives who can share the burden for him.
　　"Manevil: Luke Chapter 23 28-29
　　Jesus turned around and said to them: Women of Jerusalem, don't cry for me, but cry for yourself and your children.
　　Because the day is coming, people will say: Blessed are those who are barren, those who have never conceived, and those who have never breastfed a baby.
　　Let me share it with you.
　　"" Ge Yimin: This sentence is even worse, everyone is blessed, barren, and mankind perish.
　　
　　754. Zhihu anonymous user: "Three Hundred Rounds of "Philosophers" War"
　　Ge Yimin and shepherd Yun Jie, these two "philosophers" have had a disagreement because of the beauty (movie star Liu Yifei), and they are especially jealous when they walk together, and their swords are facing each other. Can they allow him to survive? So they are fighting each other on the battlefield, it's so lively, ping ping ping qiang, unexpectedly! Ge knocked out Chuangren's psoriasis, and this time rubbed Chuangren's awe-inspiring power. Chuangren immediately slashed and shouted: I am Yang Fan! Ge Xiaoer died! Zhang Jie got up and resisted Ge's attack, but instead of thanking Chuangren, he scolded: Seeing Ernai's mentality is problematic, it's not enough to conspire! The creator replied: Yun Jie, the wolf shepherd, is a Utopian barbarian with a big cheek gang and an ugly face! This Jie was furious, and he lifted the knife with the intention of slashing the wounded person. Can you tell how Ceylon was beheaded that day? Creator: Rutong S is a barbarian! Zhang Jie was defeated, he wiped the sword in his hand, and transferred the contradiction: It was an insult to me to compare me with Silky! Lan Zhi, drove the horse away. S threatened: Don't get me with someone who doesn't 3 or 4! (Referring to Chuangren, shepherd) Ge Budi (he is a god, referring to Ge).
　　
　　755、ryu: We are here in the busiest village in North America
　　Still stuck on "How to make the Brazilian iron tree (2) bloom"? Will the progress and development of the motherland make the geshen nervous new religion here, "Han goes down the road and looks at Qinghai Bay?"
　　"Ge Yimin: Hello, brother R, I mentioned it, I can't see it if I don't pay attention. 20331126 Great Harmony in the world.
　　"" Manevil: Love your enemy, the world is one family, and the enemies should not hate each other, but love.
　　"Ge Yimin: Agree, ＾wordofgod￣ Four 14, ＾wordofgod￣ Golden Rule: [Do not fight against anyone].
　　"" Stephen: I rely on, you and Professor Gao Hua are in the same school, have you seen Professor Gao Hua himself?
　　"Ge Yimin: No, he is a few years older than me.
　　"" manevil: What do you think the truth is? What should we practice?
　　"Ge Yimin: Truth is the real purpose of life, that is, spiritual immortality, to build a world of great harmony (Communist society).
　　In addition, Jesus said: "Because the day is coming, people will say: Blessed are those who are barren, those who have never conceived, and those who have never breastfed a baby.:
　　When I read the Bible, I interpreted it as easy to escape.
　　
　　756、Why are you here?
　　It is the "Whether Ferro will transfer to Milan Real Madrid, and who is lying in the ＾wordofgod￣ news" (the original page is olive), because this news mentions the name of the earliest version of Ge Shen's "Neural" "Ye Mei Jing" Besides, Serie A coach Carlo Ancelotti said, "Italian Sport is the same as other Italian or Spanish newspapers. After all, it is not "Jerme Sutra." Is this a coincidence? (Ge Shen said: Yemei Sutra is the ＾wordofgod￣, the earliest version of ＾wordofgod￣. An Shuai gave an example of ＾wordofgod￣, which means that everyone in the audience knows. Otherwise, others will not understand.)
　　The original news was published at 2006-08-14 11:35:06. At this time, Ge Yimin was only well-known in the domestic Christian circle, and it is impossible for foreigners to know it. In addition, Ge Shen also sent news screenshots to Heshen.com, and according to the page save, it was found that Ge Shen had not been processed in any way. Forgive him that he would not know P pictures at all. For this strange news, since then there will be plastic products (suspected as Ge Shen alias), which can also be said to be self-directed and self-acted. He published an article listing several criticisms of Ge Shen, among which there is a truthfulness of this news. "My English is not good. If there are brothers and sisters who are good in English, I will search for the English version of the news. If the English version is written in the Bible, that is, the Serie A coach did not mention the Yemei Sutra at all, but the NetEase editor mistranslated it (with sisters) Said to buy)."
　　The news publisher is Fang Zhongxin, who served as a NetEase sports article from 2006 to 2007. If it is a mistranslation, it is possible, but it is incredible to buy it.
　　"Yesxue: This news was in Netease a year ago. Many people have seen it. It should be too long, 404."
　　Shenwang used to give a link, about a year ago, it was a 404, and Shenwang only gave a screenshot.
　　This news, I haven't figured it out yet, but it is undoubtedly a huge driving force for the religion.
　　
　　757. For the father to know: It should be the pot of translation software.
　　"Yeh Xue: Netease News will not use translation software, and BIBLE, (the Bible), will not produce a Yemei Sutra out of thin air.
　　It is a translation software that can recognize BIBLE as the Bible. It's too famous, and it won't be a Yemei Sutra out of thin air.
　　Cangmang, the Internet archives you mentioned should be able to find the original text. What is the website of this archive?
　　〃〃The vast sea of ??people:
　　https://web.archive.org/web/20060821211116/http://sports.163.com/06/0814/11/2OG0AQE500051CD5.html
　　"Zhu Li: There is no Ge Xie, if it is valuable, people will naturally believe it and spread it. If it doesn't have any value, even if he says Po Tian can't change much.
　　〃Tieba user_5AeKDVE: But Gehua has no judgment, so why not?
　　"Law enforcement fishing team: Send that person's address, and we will look for this person.
　　"Tieba user_5AeKDVE: Zhenjiang, Jiangsu, Ge Xie has an official website and phone.
　　"Deyang himself: Here, I am the sun.
　　In short, I am the biggest.
　　Everything you know, and everything you don¨t know, was created by me.
　　
　　758. Ye Xue: The vastness, this archive is visible, the original NetEase news is: Ye Mei Jing.
　　I hope that this archives website will exist forever, if the website deletes or closes the website, the original text can be found. The Internet really has memories.
　　There is still the boundless, you can use this website to search for our whereabouts.
　　〃Historical Celebrity Archives: Homepage? Famous People? Ge Yimin
　　http://www.whsnjj.cn/49701.html
　　Ge Yimin: Internet religious thinker activist, Christian writer.
　　"Manevil: How to unite hateful and selfish people? How do people who admire material accept communism?
　　"" Ge Yimin: Only to evangelize them, accept the ＾wordofgod￣s and change, to the world.
　　"Deyang himself: I am the creator and ruler of the universe.
　　"Manevil: True faith should be done with love in the daily way, don't just hang the letter in your mouth, do more good deeds.
　　"" Ge Yimin: Spreading the ＾wordofgod￣ gospel is the greatest good deed.
　　
　　759、The big five big rustles: The same as middle-aged philosophers
　　Ge Shen and your aunt, who have the highest education in the Internet philosophers circle, are being targeted in the local area network today. Who is targeted even worse? The real names of Shenxian and your aunt are both one of the sensitive words of the major domestic search engines. Paul Paul recently pointed out that the real name of Shenxian is now completely blocked in China, and the real name cannot appear on any platform (except Q group), and search for "God". Related words "net" and "inexplicable than the user" can not be searched for relevant results. And your aunt has been suspected of being treated the same recently and has also been upgraded. All major encyclopedia entries on the domestic network of "Liu Zhongjing" that could have been searched have been olives, just like gods. And the link in the aunt's speech video that I learned from Zhihu can't go in now. It can be said that the treatment of the two has been greatly upgraded recently. Your aunt¨s senior aunt fan Sanmaxiong established a website that can query your auntie¨s academics, but it was blocked. The remarks made by your auntie¨s Renren account Douban account have also been collated. Netease Yunyi's course was met with olives. However, Douban and Zhihu have some discussions about your auntie, and they are still sensitive words in general. Although Shenxian¨s personal website is sometimes blocked, and the website cannot be posted, it is much better than the aunt¨s. Shenxian has also published Ge Xiang's essays on major websites one after another, but it is also necessary to beware of the influence of the audit title. Tieba is the worst targeted.
　　
　　760, Italian words, Ge Shen does not recognize.
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/5/17 20:18:58
　　Sports news generally originates from English in China.
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:19:26
　　Second-hand translation
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:19:35
　　Willingness should be distorted
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:19:43
　　Can't refer to your book
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/5/17 20:19:59
　　Italy will not have one: Yemei Sutra
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:20:21
　　I mean he translated according to the pronunciation
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:20:31
　　It should be translated from Italian to English and then to Chinese
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:20:37
　　The original intention is distorted
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:21:34
　　Geyimin means clothes in Turkish
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:21:45
　　It should be a direct translation of the pronunciation
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:24:10
　　Yemei Jing should be the result of machine translation.
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:24:29
　　Yemei Sutra.
　　[Administrator] Ye Xue (281880517) 2021/5/17 20:24:30
　　The bosses all speak English on international occasions, and they all speak English.
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:24:42
　　It's because you don't understand English.
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/5/17 20:25:21
　　You look up BIBLE Italian
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:26:35
　　The spelling of Yemei Sutra in Yemei Sutra and BIBLE in the Bible is the same in Italian and English vocabulary.
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:27:36
　　Like Geyimin¨s search, it¨s completely irrelevant and should be a transliteration result in a certain language.
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/5/17 20:28:50
　　English BIBLE Italian Bibbia
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/5/17 20:29:29
　　The Bible, everyone in Europe and the United States knows, cannot be translated wrong
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:31:18
　　It is best to look for the original English newspaper.
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/5/17 20:31:41
　　Correct
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:32:07
　　I suspect that what he translated was not English at all, it was Italian news. The pronunciation of Jeme Sutra is very similar to Italian, so it should be a wrong translation.
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/5/17 20:32:25
　　Your Yemei Sutra is translated from Chinese Yemei Sutra
　　Latin, English and other such as Italian, many of them are in common
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:33:02
　　What a coincidence
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:33:13
　　There are a bunch of Geyimin vocabulary on the Internet before
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/5/17 20:36:26
　　Facebook has long discovered that there is a foreigner named GEYIMIN
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:36:40
　　GEYIMIN means clothes
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:40:59
　　I'm afraid that this passage will be sent out after the machine is turned down. It is unmodified, and it does not match the Chinese language habits.
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:41:42
　　GeYimin's English can be translated into GeYiMin before Baidu. After harmony, it can only be GeYiMin. After I corrected it, GeYiMin could not be GeYiMin.
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/5/17 20:45:11
　　How does the Bible Italian Bibbia pronounce YEMEI?
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/5/17 20:48:47
　　When I named Yemei, there was no word "Yemei" in Chinese
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/5/17 20:54:34
　　Foreign Yemei, just names and places
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/5/17 20:57:36
　　Bible Italian Bibbia
　　English BIBLE
　　Spanish BIBBIA
　　Anshuai Spaniard
　　How to translate it into Yemei Sutra?
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:58:19
　　He didn¨t refer to the Bible
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 20:58:24
　　Poor understanding
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/5/17 21:00:48
　　What is the original intention?
　　Should be the Bible, supreme authority, unchangeable
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 21:01:20
　　I said that the translator is not good at it, don¨t you understand? Completely misinterpreted
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 21:01:30
　　I don't understand the relationship between sports news and the Bible.
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/5/17 21:02:20
　　The Bible means that it cannot be changed, and newspaper news does not have this authority
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 21:02:43
　　In addition, the news in the screenshots can be seen to be machine translation, and Chinese people generally do not speak like him.
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/5/17 21:02:57
　　European and American views, the authority of the Bible
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/5/17 21:03:26
　　Translation, free translation with literal translation
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 21:04:18
　　I have never seen BIBLE translated into Yemei Jing. Before, GeYimin was GeYiMin in English, but it was changed later.
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 21:04:50
　　I originally thought he meant that it is impossible for the Italian sports newspaper to be as nonsense as the Jermaine
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/5/17 21:06:19
　　Someone has said this before, saying it is a typical Italian humor
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 21:07:06
　　The possibility is too low, I can¨t find Yemei Sutra at all on my internet
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 21:07:55
　　Another tip: search for any netizen ID in any neural netizen comment, and all related results of Ge Yimin will be blocked.
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 21:08:11
　　In the past, it could be searched by profile, but now it is not. Block from the root of the result
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 21:10:08
　　If the above picture is normal news, it is probably changed by Fang Zhongxin
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 21:10:20
　　The aim should be just to mock the Italian sports newspaper
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 21:10:26
　　Means his newspaper is as nonsense as your book
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 21:12:44
　　Ge Hei Fang CITIC
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/5/17 21:13:14
　　No, Fang has no revenge against Italian sports
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 21:13:58
　　You can¨t tell, Fang Zhongxin should know you
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 21:14:23
　　It should be an easter egg left by Fang deliberately
　　‐GeYiMin／Ge Paulo (1432676760) 2021/5/17 21:14:28
　　Made you famous
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/5/17 21:17:12
　　At that time, I searched Yemei Sutra only my Yemei Sutra, and it is the same now.
　　However, Yemei Sutra was later changed to Song Yimin Sutra, GeYiMin Sutra, and ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　There are not many Yemei Sutras known now.
　　[Group owner] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021/5/17 21:18:16
　　Because YEMEI.COM was snatched, otherwise, I won¨t change
　　
　　761. Superman Xiaoao: Tencent Sports News "ABC News"
　　An Pang even joked in the media: "Just like other media in Spain and Italy, Gazzetta dello Sport is not a bible." The above is the version of Tencent News. It should be the author Fang Zhongxin's mockery of the Italian Sport and Sports God's book as nonsense.
　　〃Yeh Xue: Please consult Fang Zhongxin's mailbox.
　　"Five big rustles: Thank you, ha, after all, my dynamic involves two sensitive people in the local area network at the same time. It must not be posted. At this time, I can only ask you to post it to your website, which is also helpless.
　　Moreover, if there is a similar situation in the future, Ma Lao, you will continue to post my news on behalf of me.
　　"Ge Yimin: Okay, thank you for adding my popularity.
　　"Five big rustles: Your mentality is really good. Facing me who is 80% Gehei, 19.9% ??neutral, and 0.01% Gehua, I can still be optimistic when faced with cynicism.
　　"Ge Yimin: Mentioning me is to promote me, the Internet celebrity in the ideological world, I started by commenting. There are so many people who write books, no one will read it if no one has commented.
　　"" Five big rustles: In other words, when some people are commenting on you, they are actually promoting you in disguise. After all, some viewers will recognize you through their comments. I don't know how much popularity has been attracted by my dynamics about you.
　　"Ge Yimin: Stronger than Ge Paulo. The fame of the wheel comes from the elderly.
　　〃〃Five big rustles: By the way, why do you now use your real name instead of "Yemei" and "Ge Yimin" online activities?
　　"Ge Yimin: I went online in 2001, and no one used my real name, so I used my net name. I started Saint Yemei and later became a website, Yemei.com, Yemei Sutra, and Yemei Education. Because the YEMEI domain name was registered, I am the JEMEI domain name, which is not good for memorization (propaganda). Registered the GEYIMIN domain name and used the "Ge Yimin" to cooperate with the domain name. Later, I decided to go online with real name to better promote myself. I used GeYimin, but the website was changed to Shenwang, ＾wordofgod￣, Shenjiao, or Wangjingjiao for short.
　　"" Manevil: Where do you think the soul will go after the body dies?
　　"Ge Yimin: In God, waiting for the resurrection.
　　
　　762、It's a big deal: Your aunt and the gods have one thing in common.
　　Neither of them dared to publish books in the mainland, one in Taiwan and the other in Hong Kong.
　　"Yeh Xue: The first edition of ＾wordofgod￣, because the mainland book number is expensive, of course, the current ＾wordofgod￣ cannot be published in the mainland.
　　"" Superman Xiaoao: ＾wordofgod￣s can't pass the pre-review of publication.
　　〃Yesxue: The first edition in 2014 is fine, with less content and less strict than it is now. Only the mainland book number is more than 10,000, and Hong Kong is 1,400. In addition, the young writer also published my essay in 2015, which clearly promoted Ge, without changing a word.
　　
　　763. China restricts the inclusion of Shen.com, baah baah baah
　　site:gegod.com
　　Baidu: About 5 related results found
　　360: Found about 2 related results
　　Sogou: Found about 7 results
　　Google: Found about 4,660 results
　　site:20331126.xyz
　　Baidu: about 12 related results found
　　360: About 0 pages of this website are included in 360 search
　　Sogou: Not included
　　Google: Found about 852 results
　　20210519
　　
　　764. Rock_www: What book, can you see it?
　　We judge ourselves.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Search Geshen.com.
　　"" Manevil: It means to be consecrated to the Lord and return to God.
　　"Ge Yimin: People originate from God and belong to God.
　　＾wordofgod￣ XI 4: Everything that is external, that is, matter, is really unimportant. If you abandon yourself once it's over, it's all emptiness. Only the peace and satisfaction of the soul is true. Our hearts, if you are not at peace in the arms of God, you will never be at peace.
　　
　　765、I don¨t know what I¨m going to do
　　But Ge Shen is definitely not, IQ has problems, and his heart is not broad.
　　"Tieba user_5AeKDVE: It still wrote 800,000 words ＾wordofgod￣.
　　"Qingfeng Mingyue: Does anyone tell me about the holy game from beginning to end?"
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Xiege blossomed, and everyone recognized themselves.
　　"Qingfeng Mingyue: Did Ge Xie get the money?"
　　"Deyang himself: I've gotten a lot of Pueraria lobata flowers.
　　"Qingfengmingyue: For men and women, it's better to have a radish per hole. Men think that they are taking a lot of advantage. Not to mention the words of gods and gods, they actually consume their own lifespan.
　　"Post Bar User_5AeKDVE: The key is that Gehua is willing, great grace.
　　Ge Yao thought that a book could save the world.
　　"Qingfeng Mingyue: Well, that's the freedom of others.
　　"Tieba user_5AeKDVE: Did not violate the criminal law?
　　"" Deyang himself: broke the law.
　　
　　766、Chu Fengmingyue: Pueraria is voluntary
　　Ge Xie deceives and runs Is there any provision in the criminal law for this behavior? Ethical behavior There should be provisions in the Social Security Penalty Regulations. Ge Xie's other behaviors are not clear to me, and there should be illegal, such as fraudulent money.
　　"Deyang himself: According to you, dedication is voluntary. Gehua is a group, not a minority.
　　"" Qingfeng Mingyue: Huh? I don't understand, I might be wrong. So how do you say it is the same thing as spending money on prostitution? You tell me.
　　"Deyang himself: If the number of people is too large, it is a crime. Why not report the crime?
　　"" Qingfeng Mingyue: Are you going?
　　"Deyang himself: I won't go, this is a cult, not an individual, and there will be trouble.
　　"" Heishui Doll: All saints leave the address.
　　I send @姫返 to kill you, the one who can't kill is the real Ziweixing.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Go to kill Ge Xie in Zhenjiang Hengmei, Jiangsu.
　　"" Heishui Doll: Received! @姫返001 has set off.
　　"Tieba user_5AeKDVE: Haven't killed yet?
　　〃〃Blackwater Doll: Mission failed! (Killer 001 has committed suicide)! The league has sent the second killer, and it turned out tonight.
　　"Mochizuki Dumb Wolf: Don't you want to kill the saint, why do you want to discharge the killer when others are called evil? Are you preparing to kill all the holy evil?
　　"Deyang himself: Ge claims to be a saint.
　　
　　767. Deyang himself: Let them deal with Ge Xie and let the true saint go.
　　"Tieba user_aCE89VP: Then let Ge Xie escape successfully.
　　"" Deyang himself: staring at him, can't escape.
　　Ge Xie believes in Christ, is it also science?
　　"Mecha War God: The cultivation of right knowledge and right view takes time and process.
　　"" Deyang himself: How many years has Ge Xie been?
　　"Qingfeng Mingyue: I don't understand, how can I report a crime without evidence?
　　"Deyang himself: What you said should be illegal, such as money fraud.
　　"Qingfeng Mingyue: You have to tell the evidence before the law, let alone make a presumption of guilt!
　　"Deyang himself: What you said, "There should be something illegal, such as fraudulent money." There is no evidence.
　　
　　768, manevil: When death returns to God
　　God told me that I want to give the world freedom, but I don't want the world to perish.
　　My return from death is to unite everyone together and carry out the mission of salvation together.
　　Many awakened people have also begun to save the world, marching toward the spiritual world of universal harmony.
　　"Ge Yimin: How do you and them save the world?
　　"Manevil: Educate people to help and love each other, and life will be better when the world is saved.
　　I came from hell, this time I will come back to perform a mission, in order to prevent the end of the world, and fix religious issues.
　　"Ge Yimin: It is better to post more articles, it is best to assemble into a book.
　　"Qingfeng Mingyue: I said yes, possibility, you should go to the inspection agency or the public security agency to file a case for investigation.
　　"Deyang himself: What you said should be, you should go, we Ge Hei watch the show.
　　"Qing Feng Mingyue: You are Ge Hei, you go, I don't know Ge at all.
　　"Deyang himself: Then you can't talk about fraud, be careful that Ge Xie punches you with a small fist.
　　"" Knows for the father: The comment area of ??certain sensitive people will be specially taken care of, such as Yun.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: Aunt Liu is a bit like you. For example, Auntie welcomes publicity. He has an aunty emoji emoticon pack. He hopes that auntie fans can use it more and promote himself. It's just that his videos are unauthorized but not reposted. You should welcome all forms of publicity, no matter what it is. Other anti-gravity, high education, e-books, etc. also have similarities.
　　"" Ye Xue: Mention me is to promote me, it seems that I want to make emoticons.
　　
　　769, the vast sea of ??people: Ben Gehua expressed that he was looking forward to it.
　　"Yesue: In the future, we will see which Gehua will make a meme, and Gehei will do as well.
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: what you lack now is the popularity, right? Auntie¨s emoticon pack has a picture of Kanagawa surfing to represent the flood. You should also use this kind of thing. You don't know how to make emoticons. Polar should be able to do it. You can go to him.
　　"Yesue: SZ, I post his news.
　　〃〃Schlachtkreuzer: The real Buddha, I still can't figure out why the gods are blocked. It is hard to say whether the gods really believe in this stuff. They have the time to collect all kinds of anti-gravity veteran performances in the small corners of the Jianzhong Internet. It is better to manage those online prostitution and online gambling.
　　"Starting to test people: when I was young, he was more handsome than Jiezi."
　　"Ye Xue: Hello SC, you only pay attention to Wang Zhe Ge, I also have the sage Ge of Ziwei, the Christian communist Ge, and finally this is the reason.
　　The official website GEGOD has a photo wall, which changes the appearance.
　　
　　770、Here you are: To cheat a gun is to commit a crime of fraud.
　　His only way to escape is to prove that he is really purple. Otherwise, there will be a disaster of fishing.
　　"Deyang himself: Where is the evidence of Ge's deception?
　　"Manevil: I hope that people will understand that believing in God is not about indulging in the Bible and only believing in the church. Only by observing the law of mutual help and love can we truly enjoy the beautiful world.
　　Some religions are not correct and cause war and hatred, so we have to adjust, and the goal is universal unity.
　　"Ge Yimin: I am propagating god net, ＾wordofgod￣, god religion, what forum do you still go to in Hong Kong?
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: I feel that in the world of Internet philosophers, she is only comparable to the auntie Ge Shenxian. Both are highly educated and thoughtful, and both welcome publicity, and there are many similarities between the two.
　　"Yeh Xue: I'm mainly on the Internet now.
　　〃〃Post Bar User_5AeKDVE: I have never seen such an arrogant person
　　Ge Xie is two stories higher than God and three stories higher than human beings.
　　"God: "Ge Yao created the creator, the creator created God, and God created mankind."
　　"Deyang himself: The homepage of its official website, alas.
　　""Liu Yifei 2033: Top Ten Saints
　　Nine Internet philosophers.
　　"Deyang himself: Contemporary Christian Communism.
　　
　　771. The vast sea of ??people: In fact, Ge Shen and Tao Zi are not the only examples.
　　In fact, there are quite a lot of people like them who are very defiant. They also have a few strongholds, one is the headquarters and the major saints, there are still many people like Ge Shen active there, everyone calls themselves Ziwei Saints and all kinds of scammers are also active in that place, but I feel that "believers" will believe in God Geshen a little more. After all, those unknown fw saints may not have a high level of education. In this case, high-educated sages are more likely The second is perpetual motion machine. There are also many users who claim to have invented perpetual motion machines. Even if they are said to be so-called perpetual motion machines, they are not ashamed of themselves, and they do not realize that they are wrong. Taozi is that. Typical examples of groups of people include squatting at home and gnawing old people. There are many users who claim to be gnawing old people, but I believe they are at least much better than Zhang Yunjie.
　　"Yesue: More than 10 years of history of the saints, after N, they have all been canonized, but there are many saints, and they can always reunite with a new saint.
　　"" Superman Xiaoao: It's just that the publishing house no longer admits it.
　　"Yes Xue: The Hong Kong Leisure and Recreation Department can find it, see the honor column of Shennet News.
　　"" The vast sea of ??people: 800,000 words? How come I have only more than 600,000 words from the word count from your official website? Nearly 90% of them are commented by netizens.
　　〃Yesue: even punctuation, spaces, WORD.
　　〃〃The vast sea of ??people: You have 3002895 clicks on the [Shenjiao] column of Boxun, did you order it yourself?
　　"Yesue: I never order it myself, and I can't even order so much. I have two blogs on this website for many years.
　　I am mainly on the Internet now.
　　""Superman Xiaoao: The outside information is more messy, and no one looks at it (you).
　　"Yeh Xue: Wanwei has thousands of clicks.
　　〃〃Superman Xiaoao: The average number of page views of Weibo posts is 100 per day.
　　〃Yesue: Which Weibo? My Sina Weibo was blocked, and then several trumpets chased after it. Now there is one more, and I don¨t care if I post it.
　　
　　772. Polar Hawaii: Let¨s talk about the writing of Hao Shen on the news
　　Original picture: Yemei Jing (NetEase)
　　Translated version found elsewhere: The Bible (Sina)
　　Since the original text says it is Le Monde, then use Le Monde's version:
　　The key is
　　Ancelotti quiso restar importancia a la informaci┏n aparecida en elrotativo italiano y brome┏ ante los periodistas: ＾Igual?que los peri┏dicosespa?oles o el resto de los italianos, ｀La Gazzetta dello Sport¨ no es elEvangelio￣.
　　In the first picture, this paragraph is probably translated as "Sports" not "Yeme Sutra", but in the second picture, "Yeme Sutra" is translated into "Bible". The main point of difference lies in the word Evangelio.
　　Everyone is familiar with the term Evangelio. Evangelion, also known as eva, is short for evangelion. This word should be translated as "Gospel", not "Jemei Sutra".
　　"Yeh Xue: Hello, Polar. I also think that An Shuai's example is the Bible, and the gospels are also OK. The key is Netease News. How can a "Ye Mei Jing" be published?
　　
　　773. manevil: It is enough to have you record. You have a great influence.
　　"Ge Yimin: Your thoughts are very good, but in the Internet age, everyone thinks highly of themselves, and it is really difficult to propagate their own thoughts.
　　"" Wen Dian Linger: You have been controlled.
　　"Tieba user_5AeKDVE: No.
　　"" M-N-B-R-Y: Ge Chi.
　　〃Skyrim Disintegration: I heard that only one copy of your book is now sold. Did you buy it yourself? Is this true? How many copies of this book have been printed?
　　"Yesue: Nervous first edition physical book, Taobao sold 1 Wenzhou native. Because I update every day, I don¨t sell physical books anymore, the print volume, I sent 5 copies to the Hong Kong government for the record, I have 2 copies of the first edition, and the second edition, the disciples printed and mailed me 1 set (1 each for ＾wordofgod￣ and netizen comments) In addition, it was printed for WORD and netizens themselves. For example, they printed 1 set of the second edition inexplicably than the user.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: Regarding this matter, Ge Shen's official website has contacted the publisher to say that it will not publish content, but it stops abruptly here, and the follow-up content is not clear. It should be an e-book on Taobao.
　　〃〃Yes Xue: Obviously, Four Seasons Publishing House is under pressure from the domestic government and does not admit that it publishes its ＾wordofgod￣s. It also wants to trick me into mailing back the registration documents to the Hong Kong government. It is now closed, and the Hong Kong government can find ＾wordofgod￣s (see Shennet News Honor ), it is useless to say it.
　　The e-book is now in EBAY.
　　There is also ＾wordofgod￣ copyright belonging to the author. I published it at my own expense. The copyright certificate sees ＾wordofgod￣ news honor. The four seasons are not binding on ＾wordofgod￣s. It is closed again. Fortunately, the Hong Kong government can find the publication catalog. I have ＾wordofgod￣s. This is me. I sent an email to the Hong Kong Government Kangle, and it replies to the email, telling me to look up the directory website. For the email, see section 27 (3) 596 of Neurology.
　　
　　774、Zhu Li: What to show off is not just looking handsome.
　　"Tieba user_5AeKDVE: Ge Xie will thank you.
　　"" Deyang himself: Acknowledged, you.
　　""Yesue: Hello, Polar. In the past, when I was in college, when I was gambling in chess, there was a watchman. When the police came, he called "Polar" and everyone stopped. I was playing chess. , I didn¨t pay attention at all and I was arrested, but when I reported the name of someone else (a fellow classmate), I looked like I was also a college student and passed.
　　After a few months of rivers and lakes, I have time to write.
　　"Illuminati mantra: order of high and low.
　　The creator is higher than human beings, and human beings are higher than Ge Xie.
　　Capture Ge.
　　"" Bliss and Wisdom: Where there are evil cults making trouble, you can dial 110 or report to the network police management office. Several comrades in the police station can heal these so-called evil gods.
　　"Deyang himself: You bachelor, don't be afraid, just fight.
　　"Manevil: My concept of unity is that different religions can be harmonious but different. I hope to let go of hatred together, and the most important thing is to love each other.
　　"Ge Yimin: Unification of religion, no other method, 20331126.
　　
　　775. The vast crowd: The similarities between Aunt Liu and God Ge, it is time to list them.
　　1. Highly-educated thinking magic
　　Aunt Liu has a master¨s degree, but she preached that she should live under the anti-gravity and unrealistic things. Her thoughts have been controversial. Some people think that she can¨t be regarded as a real historian, but a historical theologian or a nation. Inventor; Ge Shenxian is a graduate of Nanjing University in the last century, but he doesn¨t seem to spend much of his mind on meaningful things. Instead, he chose to proclaim himself a god and continue to promote on the Internet at the risk of being olive. God teaches thought, the book "＾wordofgod￣s" contains a lot of anti-gravity content, although I suspect that Ge Shenxian's thought magic is only limited to online (aunty suspects it too).
　　2. You are welcome to promote, and don¨t care about your reputation
　　Aunt Liu doesn¨t care about Auntie Hei¨s comments. Even if she is facing the many Auntie Hei accounts on Twitter, she can be as calm as water. She also hopes that people who love Auntie will promote themselves on the Internet, even if they are really angry. It¨s enough if you can pick Fera; Ge Shenxian doesn¨t care what the netizens say, and even thinks that Ge Hei is also Ge ??Hua, and actively asks to remove the template to stop the persecution. He regards the scolding as popular, and mentioning him is to promote him. It is also possible that there is no hatred in the heart for a long time, which is much better than Zhang Yunjie, who has always been talking about this, no matter in any sense.
　　The rest is
　　3. Both of them have personal websites to collect their own opinions and opinions, but the difference is that Aunt Liu¨s website was built by the senior aunt fan Sanma Xiong, and Ge Shen from Yemei.com to the current Shenwang.com is his own Built
　　4. They are all inscribed in the net. Because of anti-gravity, the anti-gravity of highly educated people may be more influential and persuasive than ordinary people. Anyway, the anti-gravity of the two is at least a few grades higher than other net philosophers. of;
　　5. At first glance, the two people's thoughts seem reasonable, but it is still easy to fool some people;
　　6. There are e-book versions of their works available for download on the Internet
　　7. Even the same middle-aged hair Funet..
　　"Goulash_: Can ＾wordofgod￣s fool people?
　　"" The vast crowd: God Ge also has some true believers, and he has contacted many "Ge Hua" before.
　　"Polar Hawaii: I really don't know what Liu Yifei is good about, and Mr. Ma also likes Liu Yifei.
　　"Yesue: I like it because she is a saint in the circle of saints, and the reason is a very far-fetched prophecy.
　　"Wuwei 1235: Do you know Xiaoge?
　　"Deyang himself: I, Ge Hei, of course know Ge Xie. You Ge Hua?
　　"Xiaoyao Yunyun: Ge Ning.
　　"" Deyang himself: Ge Xie is very young.
　　
　　776. Zhuxue and Taxue: Explaining the "Road to Seeking Creek on the Sea"
　　Ge Shen emoticon pack.
　　The "Road to Seeking Creek on the Sea" refers to the planet Nibiru.
　　@I am afraid, Gabriel, come and worship God Ge.
　　""Baby Huang Yuzhi: This person painted a bit like God Ge. This look. Absolutely.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: even if it is Ge Paulo, he actually has Ge Hei elements, not only will help Ge Shen propaganda, but also conduct detrimental behavior to Ge Shen.
　　
　　777. The vast sea of ??people: My current dynamic content is mostly based on the four members of Chuangjie and Aunt Ge.
　　Other Internet philosophers may have just passed it on.
　　Regarding the anti-gravity of Auntie and Ge Shen, which is several grades higher than other net philosophers, it should be said about the reasons. This is because most of the Internet philosophers who have published anti-gravity remarks are purely unfounded attacks. For example, Zhang Tianshi, Zhang Yunjie, and Chen Weirong are the most straightforward, but basically they have no basis. Auntie and Ge Shen are somewhat specific. Criticize deeds.
　　"Yeh Xue: My anti-gravity posts are all justified and well-founded, that is, the twenty-first chapter of the political theory of ＾wordofgod￣s, and the slogan cannot refute me.
　　〃〃Manevil: Accept all teachings and unify, return to one heart, help each other, unite and let go of hatred.
　　"Ge Yimin: God's will, truth, great harmony.
　　"" Manevil: Do you think communism can make people no longer slaves to capitalists?
　　"Ge Yimin: Communism, free people's association, everyone is equal, there is no capitalist.
　　
　　778. The Boundless Sea of ??People: Ge Shen's Network History Adds May 2021
　　20210511 GeYimin's vision: through the wall, in a different dream, at Nanjing University, the body passed through the wall with a stainless steel fence, old classmates were present, there was Feng Ping.
　　Ge Shen, there have been people who questioned the suspected copying of the "＾wordofgod￣" fragment from the Bible, but I said that he inherited the Bible, and most of the content is also original.
　　"Yesue: The Bible is so famous, how can anyone speculate? I only quote the Bible.
　　If you say that opinions are plagiarized, but ideas are inherited.
　　On the last day, I made two new websites, WordPress.
　　"" Extremely evil day: Ge Shen is great!
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Hua Zhi Er.
　　Guangge to three.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Ge Hei to Fourth.
　　
　　779. moximon: I believe in God, I believe in God Ge! ! ! !
　　〃Deyang himself: Female Gehua?
　　〃〃Xiaoyao Yun: Ge Ning can believe that he is stupid? Ge Fart (flowers) are so many**
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Hei hugs.
　　"" The name is six words: Who dares to fight with me.
　　"Deyang himself: Only Ge Xie fought with Er.
　　"" The name is six words: evil, what is evil?
　　"Deyang himself: It's ＾wordofgod￣s. Chuang Shenjiao.
　　"" The name is six words: by her.
　　"Deyang himself: I want to oppose Ge.
　　"" The name is six words: Whoever wants to reverse, talk about it.
　　"Post Bar User_5AeKDVE: We Ge Hei.
　　"" The name is six words: "She is my person".
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Xianan's.
　　"" The name is six words: don't care about her gender.
　　No one can turn it back.
　　"LM is just abbreviation: Who can tell Bensheng."
　　How many rounds did this horse ride? The more this saint pushes the game more.
　　"Deyang himself: Ask Ge Xie, ask Ge Hua.
　　"Xiaoyao Yunyun: Asking Ge Ning and Ge Pis what are they doing?
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Ju.
　　
　　780, manevil: Young people use lay-flatism to anti-capitalism
　　How can your ＾wordofgod￣s break through capitalism?
　　"Ge Yimin: ＾wordofgod￣s Chapter Ten Christian Communism Manifesto
　　""Mr Lai Jiayan: Boss Ge was invited to have tea, how about you?
　　I really asked the publisher to print "＾wordofgod￣s"...
　　"Deyang himself: You have read ＾wordofgod￣ or went to Shenwang.
　　""Mr Lai Jiayan: I want to read it, but unfortunately, I can't find it.
　　"Deyang himself: Search Geshen.com.
　　"Xiaoyao Yunyun: If you don't believe in ＾wordofgod￣s, and don't want to die, we are very embarrassed.
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Hua?
　　"" Extremely evil day: Ge Xie is great!
　　〃〃Xiaoyao Yunyun: Do you believe in ＾wordofgod￣s?
　　"Deyang himself: I am Ge Hei, for fun. What about you
　　"" Xiaoyao Cloud: the same.
　　"Deyang himself: Where did you know Ge Xie? I posted it. For a long time.
　　
　　781, manevil: You can use the virtual world to educate the people
　　Simulate how ideal your world is.
　　"Ge Yimin: The ＾wordofgod￣ is exactly, and it is the real world.
　　〃〃Manevil: It would be more ideal to visualize the theory.
　　"Ge Yimin: The text is better and universally understood, waiting for God to enlighten everyone.
　　"" manevil: I prefer graphs.
　　"Ge Yimin: Let Gehua do a few in the future.
　　"" Mother: Birthday, born before 11 o'clock.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: answer the question about the aunt¨s evaluation of Ge Shen. Someone once asked the aunt to comment on GYM. Of course, the gym himself moved the aunt¨s answer word for word. It should come from the Liu ZJ Q&A journal. If the source of the evaluation gym is correct, it should be (No. 21, 2018).
　　〃〃Yesue: When I included it, it showed that it was a paid comment, which should be Lao Liu. I also thank the person who paid the questioner.
　　
　　782. The vast crowd: To be honest, some of the dynamics you have recorded always only keep the fragments of Ge
　　Nothing else is of no importance. I think you are a bit out of context.
　　"Yesxue: No, it's boundless, netizens commented, only accepting Ge related information, if you accept them all, the ＾wordofgod￣ space will be too long.
　　〃〃Eroluy: You can create a web snapshot site related to Ge content.
　　"Yesue: Good, good.
　　"" Superman Xiaoao: ＾wordofgod￣ no information from unrelated people.
　　"Yeh Xue: The main ＾wordofgod￣s are updated every day, especially the netizens' comments, the full text is too long, not good.
　　〃〃Superman Xiaoao: You can read the comments made by netizens 17 years ago. After 17 years, some people took advantage of the loopholes to report the contents of the netizens' comments.
　　"Yeh Xue: Not so. I receive all of them. On my official website, they are only posted on the domestic platform and will be abridged.
　　""Superman Xiaoao: Netizens commented that you used to dare to accept anything.
　　"Yeh Xue: It's the same now, my official website is not afraid.
　　You read the book on neuropolitics, which is very anti-gravity. Maybe netizens comment on anti-gravity, they can't be posted or deleted, I can't see them.
　　
　　783, moximon: I have seen God Ge.
　　I believe in ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　Present florets to God Ge.
　　"" Deyang himself: Good saint M.
　　"" Taurus Lamborghini LP: The head of all evil, the common people are so treacherous. What are you pretending to be here! Also Ge ??Xie. Do you overwhelm the common people with evil?
　　"Deyang himself: Who are the common people?
　　"" Freemasonry opens its mouth: Ge Xie's communism cannot replace Datong.
　　Mixing things that are incompatible with fire and water, the underworld banned the book "＾wordofgod￣s" before, said that it distorted the "Bible".
　　
　　784. The Boundless Sea of ??People 2: Forever, change this, I can't talk about Aunt Ge Chuang in the future.
　　The reason is to publish the dynamics of Ge Chuangyi's remarks. I don't know why my main account has always been banned and unbanned in turn.
　　"Yeh Xue: I had insomnia in two of my college entrance examinations in 1986, and one of them slept well.
　　〃〃Polar Hawaii: When you were a sophomore in high school, you decided to go to Peking University. Why did you change to Nanda later?
　　〃Yeh Xue: Considering the Chinese Department of Peking University, Jiangsu only recruits 1 person. I am afraid of the High School Affiliated to Nanjing Normal University. The Chinese Department of Nanjing University has more than 20 recruits in Jiangsu, so I have a good grasp. Another: My high school classmate, Zheng Renxiang, is also a college classmate.
　　"Polar Hawaii: And I want to ask you about the "big trial, half jail, and crucifixion" in your ＾wordofgod￣s. What does this sentence mean?
　　"Yeh Xue: It was posted on the Internet before, can you find this Geshen "meme"?
　　"" Boundless Sea of ??People 2: Ge can contact him personally, and entrust him to send the news to the God community. Moreover, my previous news has been backed up by him. I have to say that I am very grateful to him for this.
　　
　　785, Superman Xiaoao: It's all yours. . . . Killed the second person.
　　"Yeh Xue: You are the first person?
　　"" Superman Xiaoao: Push the back picture, it's the big one.
　　"Yesue: Yes, Tieba can only criticize Ge, but not praise Ge. I criticize Ge every day on the 3rd number, it's okay.
　　I not only collect it in the god community first, then collect it in the god net, but also collect it in the ＾wordofgod￣s, and save it forever.
　　"" Polar Hawaii: What?
　　"Yeh Xue: You made Ge Shen's Sanlian emoticon pack, and you secretly told you that there was a mood disorder and hospitalization, but I always thought it was
　　Fake is called trial and social cultivation.
　　When filling in the volunteers, I was also preparing to fill in Fudan University. For the same reason, Nantah University.
　　
　　786、Zhihu: What is GeYimin's background?
　　"The vast sea of ??people: An old, moneyless and wishful thinking stick from Zhenjiang who took the initiative to surf the Internet with his real name, but he was admitted to Nanjing University in the 1980s, and he was called "Internet Philosopher" in the 1980s. He has a website, which is probably one of the few in the Internet philosopher circle who owns a personal website.
　　〃〃Tieba user_aEX7D3M: These people have all made great military exploits, and those who despise these people are guilty of death.
　　"XEQZGFRUMLK: Fabricating superstition and heresy to mislead people.
　　"Mr Lai Jiayan: It's a bit of a reflection. Those who used to be called saints are all true and truthful. They don't come here with their mouth open.
　　Young people nowadays don't talk about holy virtues, they stand up for morality, meritorious service, and stand up for their words.
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Xie has ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Books on criminal convictions by national statutory laws.
　　
　　787. Beijing Endow Reformed Baptist Church: The Ultimate Kingdom (v.22-25)
　　22 Then he said to his disciples, ＾The day is coming, and you are eager to see a day of the Son of Man, but you will not see it. 23 people will
　　I want to say to you, behold, be there, behold, be here. Don't go out and don't follow them.
　　The time of the end that denies all heretics
　　Denies all the heretical places of the end
　　Stay away from them, don't go out, and don't follow.
　　Who profess to be Christ
　　Moon Sun-myung (Korea "Unification Church")
　　The Holy Spirit Ahnsang Hong (Korea "Church of God")
　　God son GeYiMin (Chinese "GeYiMin Education")
　　Female Christ Deng Lightning (Chinese "East Flash")
　　Ji Sanbao (Chinese "Disciples Association")
　　Joseph Smith (American Mormon)
　　Wang Shuqin (China Oriental Yongyue)
　　Allen White (American Sabbath Church)
　　Mary Baker Eddie (American Christian Science School) etc...
　　
　　788. Ziyun Kern: I took a look at the online reviews and said I was Jesus
　　It¨s also funny enough, the saints will pull the tiger's skin and the flag? I checked the saints of the past, they all have their own domains, and they are unique.
　　s things.
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Xie's ＾wordofgod￣ is 800,000 words.
　　"Ziyun Kern: Good or bad writing is nothing more than the transparency of understanding, and the clarity of the truth. Final goal
　　It's still for pulling the tiger's skin and pulling the banner. The essence is there.
　　The world¨s major religions are nothing more than the purpose of making people good and balancing order. At the end of the writing, if it still revolves around the religions
　　As the core explanation, the content of hope is still the expansion of the believer, then he is a talented liar, and he has gone wrong.
　　.
　　The saint will not let you indulge in this irresistible, costly tail juice.
　　"Deyang himself: I am Ge Hei, you have some level, Ge Xie wants 20331126 to build a world of great harmony (Communist society)
　　.
　　""Extremely evil day: only Ge Shen.
　　〃Kay Goose: When he tried to reassemble an "I" from the thousands of things, he found that there were already people standing around him
　　, There are 72 Chen Susu, Yang Fan, Zhang Jie, Ge Yimin and other pioneers, Pierre Cardin, Huang Jixin, Zhou Yuan
　　Famous entrepreneurs such as Yang Ziren, Peping, Gangtian Wu, and other famous entrepreneurs, such as Jia Dashan, Kai Chang, etc.
　　Chinese contemporary writers, as well as Russia¨s Krylov, Pushkin, Gogol, Lermontov, Turgenev, Doss
　　Toyevsky, Nekrasov, Chernyshevsky, Tolstoy, Chekhov, Sholokhov...
　　
　　789、It's a huge crowd: I scold myself, Zhang Yunjie and Ge Xie in the Internet philosopher did it.
　　Monster Ge, in order to continue to propagate his strange religious thoughts in Tieba, he can't publicize Geshen.
　　Under the circumstances, he opened a few trumpets and pretended to be Ge Hei in order to evade the censorship mechanism. He has repeatedly called himself Ge Xie, Ge Yao, it
　　Wait, openly judge yourself as worthless, which is really rare.
　　""Baby Huang Yuzhi: At that time. How old is Ge Xie?
　　"Deyang himself: 64 years old.
　　The last moment.
　　〃〃Ms. Peanut Butter: All outstanding people have two characteristics
　　1. Have lofty ideals
　　Second, like to read
　　"Deyang himself: Ge Xie still writes ＾wordofgod￣s, is it outstanding?
　　"Ms. Peanut Butter: Smart is useless in the right way.
　　"Deyang himself: criticize it, ma'am, it listens well.
　　
　　790、Tieba user_5AeKDVE: It¨s a saint of misfortune for ten years
　　"Ziyun Kern: Who, I don't know.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Ge Xie.
　　"Ziyun Kern: No wonder it is used.
　　"" Feihai Yueyu: This is Ge Xie.
　　"Xiaoyao Yunyun: Ge Ning.
　　〃〃Tieba user_aC6KPP9: The appearance of the natives of Southeast Asia, like an Indian hybrid, a natural god stick, but unfortunately in China
　　, If you¨re in India, you¨ll be the leader of the game after playing well, with US dollars, seaside villas, luxury cars, and beautiful believers waiting for you
　　Up.
　　"Deyang himself: Yes, in India, it is the true leader.
　　"" Mai Tian Lo Zhen: What did it do.
　　"Deyang himself: Jianshen.com writes neurocreation.
　　"Mr. Ziwei: The judge accepted it, cut the inner alchemy, and gained luck in the present. In the next life, God is very egalitarian.
　　In the name of a god, do things like magical absorption and pollute the air.
　　"Deyang himself: "God is real demon."
　　"" Post Bar User_5E6DXA9: It is still useful to put forward "＾wordofgod￣".
　　"Deyang himself: Are you nervous?
　　〃〃Tieba user_a7yGS8e: The rude person.
　　""Zhongli: If you don't do it, you won't die! Prosperity must decline. Hey, God's will is so, beyond human power.
　　"Deyang himself: It has an official website, and it's still on fire.
　　
　　791、Remember 455: Ge Shen may be the real heavenly man
　　The rank is very high, he was identified 6 years ago.
　　Maybe this person represents the corona needle in the sky, and it is difficult for him.
　　Just look at this photo of this person and kill many people in seconds.
　　In the past, when this person posted a post, many people were not happy or even disgusted, but few knew the truth.
　　You see how healthy he smiled, pay attention, he smiled, he smiled.
　　Most people, the photos displayed are out of the ordinary, this person's picture is not vulgar.
　　What I am talking about today is like a foreign movie, a group of stone men bid farewell to Noah's family, tear their bodies apart, and return to the light of God?
　　"Deyang himself: Hello Gehua, your comment is worthy of Ge for 20 years.
　　"The four are all empty 877: No one in the world knows the king, the sage brother Yimin of Ziwei.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: It has won three thousand women.
　　"Deyang himself: The main reason for disaster is to swipe the screen. Taoist saints are called Tuban.
　　@祇激寒
　　"Law enforcement fishing team: This person is the result of training by the nk group.
　　"Deyang himself: NK refers to brain control?
　　
　　792. Four Internet philosophers: Ge Yimin: Participated in the Heisei first year chariot lane event
　　The middle-aged cultists in Tieba that involve Internet philosophies, folk sciences, vulgarity, and even Yinmeng continue to virally promote ＾communist Christianity￣ and other stitched cult content, but they never interact with people. When they encounter other people¨s questions, they can only mechanical Repeat the sentence "Dingtie the dog, your mother exploded." In 2017, the term "GeYiMin" was listed as a sensitive word by Baidu.
　　"I mean: It is recommended to add GeYiMin, the waste of brushing GeTie's alienation of religion.
　　"" A lot of Okita: It is recommended to add the supernatural power GeYimin.
　　"The vast sea of ??people: Ge Shenxian, some of the names recorded in Ge Hua's book, Ge Paulo, and the wiki saying "a very limited number of middle-aged women", Ge Shenxian is a bit more successful than Zhang Yunjie in any case. It is also more influential than most of the god clubs in the headquarters.
　　"Mochizuki Dumb Wolf: Are you a fairy sister among them?"
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Yes.
　　"Mochizuki dumb wolf: Ge Shengyanfu Qitian, I really envy him this time.
　　"Deyang himself: the true leader.
　　
　　793、Wang Jianghuo: GeYiMin has "GeYiMin Jing"
　　Zheng Kuifei, Ge Yimin and others are out-and-out liars. These people look very ugly and hideous. They use religious methods and fabricate various opinions to deceive the world and the people. Zheng Kuifei made a wild statement about resurrecting Mao Zedong. He did not hesitate to use derogatory methods to fabricate his so-called one-night stand story with Zhang Ziyi, claiming that he could save mankind in 2012. A discerning person would look like a complete lunatic and a liar, but he was also fooled. Many people believe that he is the so-called sage of crape myrtle. Ge Yimin has already been severely punished by the law. According to reports, in November 2012, the People¨s Court of Jingkou District, Zhenjiang City, sentenced Ge Yimin to 7 years in prison for using a cult to undermine the implementation of the law.
　　"Himnth: Liberation theology is not desirable.
　　"Liu Yifei 2033: Ge is not, Ge is the contemporary fundamental communist, with ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　794. Tieba user_5AeKDVE: Ji Gong saint, haha.
　　Ge Shen Sanlian.
　　"Deyang himself: The sage of crape myrtle is out of date, and the sage of Ji Gong is here.
　　The Christian Gospel of the Christians defeated you with a neurological gospel.
　　"Ali Ali: You can tell from the look in your eyes that you have entered the evil way.
　　In order to prevent other users from being frightened, I will hide this reply.
　　"Gwen: Ge Yimin? The one who writes ＾wordofgod￣s?
　　"Deyang himself: Yes, is he a communist?
　　
　　795. Tieba user_GSD4UJ2: Simply arrange the gods
　　Emoticon package: "I am a god, you have to believe in me".
　　"Deyang himself: The sage of the Communist Party of China, 20210615, was born.
　　"Little Titan 80: The things written by God Ge Dashen are obviously imitated from the Christian "Bible", but I was drowsy when I watched it!
　　"Deyang himself: He is a sage of the Communist Party of China.
　　Marxist philosophy
　　How many people in the bar know this genre
　　Christian communism
　　"Edward Simmons: Originally from Europe, it took root in Latin America.
　　"Deyang himself: Liberation Theology?
　　"" Echo: Look at their avatars, this old gym dog was fishing, don't reply to them.
　　"Deyang himself: I am Ge Hei.
　　
　　796, qqqxxbhkk: Actually Ge Shen himself is in the world of Internet philosophers
　　The one who doesn't know how to amuse the Yedie. First of all, Yang Fan knows how to amuse. The two things of the homo button and the haircut and hair change are to amuse the Yedie. Zhang Yunjie itself is a joke, and there is no need to deliberately pretend to be crazy. Chen Weirong and Zhao Kexun are also examples. Since Ge Shen was blocked, there were far fewer discussion topics compared to other Internet philosophers. In combination with his own, it was considered more serious, and he was truly devoted to spiritual religion. In the final analysis, Internet philosophers are actually for It is funny, and Ge Shen is not so classic and funny, so Ge ??Shen, like Strongart, has only a handful of new video views, and has also fallen into a crisis of excess in the evil net philosopher circle. I think it's time for Ge Shen to pretend to be crazy, just like the anchors of Kuaishou, otherwise even the popularity of other people's introductions won't work. Anyway, what you want is popularity.
　　"Ge Shen: I am contemporary Christian communism, the top ten crape myrtle saints, and finally the nine great Internet philosophers.
　　The information is in the ＾wordofgod￣s of 800,000 words, of which the canon (the first 26 chapters, nearly 200,000 words) is still in the god net.
　　
　　797. Ge Shen: The apostolic society is communism, sharing everything.
　　"" Journey to the West and Practice: How old is Ge? Can it survive until 2033?
　　"Deyang himself: 52 years old, 64 years old when he expires.
　　Xiaojie the Shepherd: Chen Weirong is a very special existence in the world of Internet philosophers, he and Ge Xie are both online demons, and offline normal.
　　Who in the world of Internet philosophers is more readable than Zhang Yunjie's dynamic repetition of empty words and disordered thinking? Ge Xie and Auntie, Ge Xiefa's passages are mostly short and written words, that is, the words are concise and concise.
　　
　　798. Shepherd Xiaojie: Ge Yao falsely claims Christian engineeringism
　　But there was no actual behavior at all, and there was a lot of scolding, but I ignored it, and the book ＾wordofgod￣s was published in Hong Kong, poisoning Hong Kong youth, and the cult organization needs to be sanctioned, but Ge Yao has reasons, and it is not a cult if he does not organize. The ideology of the gods is only based on thoughts, and the name is not righteous, and it is also a cancerous existence in the Internet. If you call a saint, you can become a god. Is it tolerable or unbearable? Ge Yao is extremely harmful, and it has even reached the point where the gods are outraged. Ge Yao's good days are over. I hope that Ge Yaoyouhu's innocent people will return safely, and Ge Yao will go in as soon as possible.
　　I don't know if reverse propaganda works in station b.
　　"Yeh Xue: The cornerstone of the religion:
　　＾wordofgod￣ One 6. In the autumn of 2001, Ge Yimin lay on a big bed at his home in Zhenjiang to sleep in the morning. In a dream, the god said: "I am a god, you have to listen to him (GeYimin)." I woke up immediately and felt magical about "referring to GeYimin". Wife and children are at home. (Ge Yimin was anointed as a god).
　　"" The vast crowd: Ge Xie can be regarded as a think tank in the Internet philosophers, and he can think of some ways to help the Internet philosophers, and perhaps become the leader of the Internet philosophers alliance.
　　
　　799、The vast crowd: What does Yemei mean? Many people post "Yemei"?
　　Ge Xie¨s common online name in his early years was ＾Sheng Yemei￣. At the same time, Ge Xie also used Yemei to derive terms such as Meihua (Gehua) and Yemei Jing (＾wordofgod￣). At the same time, he also opened a Yemei website. After using "Ge Yimin", Ge Xie decided to go online with his real name. About ten years ago, he changed the original "Mei Hua", "Ye Mei Jing", and "Guang Mei" to "Ge Hua". "＾wordofgod￣" and "Guangge", the website has also been renamed Shenwang. Of course, there are also skin bags such as "plastic products" and "Yesue".
　　"Attackiller: Yemei is not a god.
　　The god GOD defined by Yemei is the creator.
　　Yemei, by definition, is a Christian who has visions and thoughts.
　　
　　800, the boundless sea of ??people 2: Ge Xie read the text quite smoothly.
　　"Deyang himself: I saw Ge Xie tinkering in 2006.
　　""G25322: How terrible the dreams of so many years are broken.
　　〃Deyang himself: waking up from a dream: 20331126
　　"Silly pigs speculate on people: Is it the best choice for the country to develop to a certain degree of communism?"
　　"Deyang himself: ＾wordofgod￣s also said that the final form must be the most perfect.
　　
　　801. The vast sea of people: how to treat Ge Yimin?
　　
　　Not to mention anything else, it's just a magic wand. But the only thing that makes me curious is where his endurance comes from. He has been promoting theology all over the Internet, such as twitter, YTB, Facebook, some Cong, and even the Hong Kong Forum. He has spread it all over the wall, and every day he's doing his best to spread the gospel. However, few people come to see him, It can be said that the propaganda of the divine religion was a big failure. There were only two or three people paying attention to his YouTube account, and even I was the only one paying attention to him. I suspect there's something wrong with his mind.
　　
　　〃Deyang Lijuan: boundless, I send a world wide blog every day, and every article has thousands of hits. A lot of big guys on twitter pay attention to me first. Twitter only pays attention to about 10 people, 800 fans.
　　
　　〃〃The vast crowd: agree faction: network Zhe Ge ＾wordofgod￣, published a book is useless, Ge ＾wordofgod￣ also in September 2014 in Hong Kong published "＾wordofgod￣" a book.
　　
　　Opposition: Ge ＾wordofgod￣ is also just making money secretly under the greed of Christ. It can be seen that users who call themselves saints on the Internet can't be trusted.
　　
　　〃Deyang Lijuan: boundless, ask you, what is useful? Is it useful to be rich?
　　
　　Was Jesus useful at the time? He had no wife, no son, and no place for a pillow until he died. He relied on women to help him and eat soft food.
　　
　　Was Marx useful at that time? Write so many great works, bring wealth? No money to use, when out of the guest's suit, write to Engels complain. Engels always helped him and felt pressure. He wrote back that his father had given him enough money and could not ask for it any more. In the end, Marx starved three of his four children and his wife. This one eats friends.
　　
　　Nietzsche wrote so many great philosophical works, did he bring wealth? I had no wife and no son. In the last 10 years, I had to rely on my sister to take care of me. I ate my sister.
　　
　　I, Ge Yimin, at least live on my own and support my family.
　　
　　802. Vast crowd: Well, you are more pragmatic than other webmasters
　　
　　It's a little bit more advanced than the headquarters. It's good to be self reliant. World Wide Web has been there, exactly as you said. If you tweet, some adults do pay attention to you. What about female stars. You're really unusual.
　　
　　〃Deyang Lijuan: Twitter is my concern. The people I went back to Guan are all top life cloud people. There are also some people who have too much information to go back to the customs.
　　
　　〃〃Vast sea of people: but this secret money is most people's impression of you. I'll write this directly.
　　
　　〃Li Juan, Deyang: I have collected a lot of money, but I only received 20 yuan from Zhu huaibing. Why is it hanging? Confuse the internet police, let them think that I am for money, relax my vigilance.
　　
　　But early Huai'an people want to offer me, I refuse.
　　
　　Jesus, Marx and Nietzsche were poor all their lives, but they supported too many people after death.
　　
　　How many bishops and priests did Jesus support?
　　
　　How many "great Marxists" did Marx support?
　　
　　How many philosophical writers did Nietzsche support?
　　
　　803. The party and the government finally used Ge Shen's wisdom
　　
　　(Chapter 18 social production and Internet revolution)
　　
　　http://ygb.zuel.edu.cn/2018/1225/c167a207483/page.htm
　　
　　Under the environment of socialized mass production and Internet revolution, people's way of study, life and thinking is increasingly influenced and changed by new media, which has become the main information channel for university groups to understand the outside world.
　　
　　804, socialized mass production and Internet revolution are my initiatives
　　
　　You don't have to look for earlier posts. In 2015, I published papers on HowNet
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paolo (1432676760) 20:08:53
　　
　　You didn't apply for a patent
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 20:09:48
　　
　　The paper of 2015 young writers is the evidence
　　
　　〃Ge Shen: it's strange that Netease Lofter pursues the seal
　　
　　Today, the tuba was blocked. In my official website navigation, I changed the link to the tuba. I haven't posted yet. I just changed the information. ID Shendang changed Shenwang, and it will be blocked later.
　　
　　〃〃The vast sea of people: Ge Yimin was also forced to shift cultural direction.
　　
　　Your aunt in LAN and Ge is basically the same treatment.
　　
　　On June 2 this year, Yang Fan's live broadcast at Acfun showed a song Yimin because of the barrage and made an evaluation of him. Generally speaking, he was a god stick or a barbarian.
　　
　　〃Huang Yu's red man: is Ge evil god useful?
　　
　　〃〃Deyang himself: if it's useful, you have to criticize it. Let's go...
　　
　　805, vast crowd: understand, Wiki says that your goal is to make money
　　
　　But you didn't seem to realize it. Why didn't you explain at the beginning.
　　
　　〃Deyang Lijuan: I think it's right to advertise for me. It can be explained in real-time interaction. As it is now, the expired ones will not be explained. Wiki can't explain.
　　
　　〃〃6vrfvbxzw: where can I find his video.
　　
　　〃Deyang himself: search geshen. Com, its official website has.
　　
　　〃〃Singapore Lion City Forum: you have been banned by mouse love Xiaomi for a period of 0 days (0: permanently banned). Reason for banning access: Divine advertising
　　
　　〃Xiaoao prisoner: Ge ＾wordofgod￣ is not in vain.
　　
　　〃〃Deyang himself: Yes, it's very famous.
　　
　　〃Liu Yifei 2033: has Zhusheng published a book? Has an official website been established?
　　
　　Books become crape myrtle.
　　
　　propaganda.
　　
　　〃〃Deyang himself: there are several books written, some published and some on the official website, all of which are four.
　　
　　Those who are called holy are the lowest hanging silk in reality, trying to get out of the mountain and become the emperor, marry Liu Yifei and make a fortune.
　　
　　The worst woman in reality can't get married, but in YY, the only saint in the world is his future wife.
　　
　　The only advantage of being a saint is that Internet users can call themselves "the saint" YY, which is a spiritual victory. Besides, it is also a disadvantage and delays themselves in vain.
　　
　　806. Cnchris: I can only say that GE Yimin is a dreamer
　　
　　And like to record the dream of people, his association is also super class. The whole story is about his dream, but I'm afraid only the author knows its truth.
　　
　　In November 1993, the Treaty of the European Union (also known as the Maastricht Treaty) came into force, and the European Community evolved into the European Union. Member countries: France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, Luxembourg, the United Kingdom, Denmark, Ireland, Greece, Spain, Portugal, Austria, Finland and Sweden. These countries are known as big Christian countries. How did the author defeat them. You say they are Antichrist, stand in the opposite position to think, you are Antichrist. Because you put bad reputation on others to show your justice? Are you blaming others and reflecting your Christian sympathies?
　　
　　Verse 9 is about a passage in the Bible, which says "my beloved son". It is very clear that it refers to Jesus. What evidence do you have to say that it refers to jemay? Even though they share the same surname, what is the relationship between him and Jesus?
　　
　　12. The Bible quoted in verse 13 is only used in this place. What's the purpose? Why do you take it out of context? How can people who don't know the full text understand it. Whether ambiguity will be produced, whether it has been produced, whether it is produced as the author expected. I only know a little about the Bible. I'm just using this known word to confuse the public.
　　
　　Your actions and your words have nothing to do with me. Whether you are righteous or guilty, the only one who will accept the consequences is yourself. The true wise have the truth in their heart, and the sad ones are those who pursue the truth. Can you afford their lives? Can you afford it? Can you do it? Or night people can only live at night. Then do not see or hear, or your eyes will see, and your ears will hear, and your heart will understand, and you will turn, and I will forgive you. If you choose sin, bear it.
　　
　　807, vast sea of people 2: in fact, Yemei she except a few night butterflies
　　
　　The rest of the works are boring.
　　
　　〃Jessie: I'm a evangelist. How can I be funny?
　　
　　〃〃The vast sea of people 2: but Yemei's theory is just fun for the evil Valley people. No one takes it seriously. After all, he and other people are called webphilosophers.
　　
　　Is evangelism itself serious? Of course not funny, I do have a little prejudice against you.
　　
　　But it's hard to say whether your theory can be realized or not. It's just a dream to be a God.
　　
　　〃Yexue: I understand. In the net philosophy circle, of course, it's fun. In Ziwei sage circle, it is also unrealistic. Only Christian and Communist circles are considered serious.
　　
　　Different dream, different dream, 20331126.
　　
　　〃〃Wolf shepherd Xiao Jie: recent photos of Ge Yao
　　
　　The middle-aged man with a small head and fat face is ugly. He has no sense of maturity.
　　
　　〃End humanity - radical users: believe in him.
　　
　　〃〃Jessie: you are immortal.
　　
　　I don't care what other people think of me. I don't think I'm worse than anyone else. I see other people as animals.
　　
　　808 、 manevil: does Ge Yimin drink or not?
　　
　　Does Ge Shen's wisdom know that excessive drinking is the cause of corruption in the world?
　　
　　〃Geshen: I don't drink. What do you mean by corruption? Political corruption is despotism.
　　
　　Wine is Chinese and foreign culture, except Mu Mu.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ Gsd4uj2: only Ge Shi, only ＾wordofgod￣.
　　
　　〃Vast crowd 2: Ge, it seems that some of your fans are zombie fans.
　　
　　〃〃Yexue: station B, I don't care.
　　
　　〃Xcomhghall: (God is dumb, and the coming Jesus is heretic). If it's not copied and pasted, the dramatic effect is still enough. Who do you want to declare the second coming of Jesus and to whom does God speak?
　　
　　〃〃Ge Yimin: the article on god.com claims that GE Yimin is the second coming of Jesus, and God speaks to ge Yimin.
　　
　　〃Mice and poison: the so-called "Hong Xiuquan is the second son of Jesus" is an issue that can not be proved or falsified.
　　
　　〃〃Negative: Jesus' brother, thank you.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: the question is: why is the Bible written that God has not spoken since 2000?
　　
　　809, loves7: about GE Yimin's heresy
　　
　　Many heretic leaders had such "visions" in their early days, such as Mormonism, the Lord's witness and the seventh day Adventist Church; Finally, they all pay attention to the day of Jesus' return and bring people to the new "savior" with religious fear; And then - a lot of money will flow into the top leaders of the organization; This money also brings them new opportunities. They can carry out propaganda, hire more knowledgeable people to "reasonably" explain their ideas, and even develop their influence in culture, politics and other fields. So an organized, thoughtful, anti Christian heretic group came into being.
　　
　　China's new Heretics in the past decade have gone through a similar path; However, due to the shallowness of those heretical leaders and the ignorance of the congregation, it is difficult to develop a systematic and complete theory, let alone influence too many intellectuals. When they have money, they just spend it on spending, not on developing influence. As a result, heretics can not get rid of the traditional "small peasant consciousness". The formation of every heresy shows the immaturity of the church. God sometimes awakens his own church through heresy. In the process of protecting the faith, the word of God is recognized and cherished.
　　
　　The prediction of Doomsday in the previous post reflects the influence of epochal theory on Chinese churches. The epochalism divides the Bible into several different epochs, but this division (from Scooter) does not pay attention to the consistent action of God from ancient times to the present.
　　
　　On the other hand, this so-called new heresy has nothing "new". It just repeats the mistakes of the ancients. Therefore, Christians should not be afraid. The real threat is the wrong theology with "originality". Such "originality" has not yet been seen in China. As long as Christians have a clear understanding of "knowledge Tao", they can completely avoid being confused by heresy.
　　
　　810. Polar Hawaii: the God of crumbs comes to earth
　　
　　Original introduction: gym is God
　　
　　〃〃Cnnnk あにき: God who can cross different parallel worlds, do you want to compare with go.
　　
　　〃Yexue: God?
　　
　　〃〃〃It's not me, it's the wind: dream, true, some time ago, I saw that Yemei used this kind of feeling as a part of his doctrine, and I felt that it was not rigorous enough (if everyone follows the feeling and starts a class to recruit apprentices, I'm afraid the whole world can't hold
　　
　　〃〃Talking about Yemei - Huaxia blog
　　
　　It's obvious that uncle Yemei inherited the fine tradition of a certain pharmaceutical industry - I have to ask the readers' forgiveness here, because I have forgotten what it is. As for the pharmaceutical industry, it was... Later, in a short period of time, he managed the Yamei religion in an orderly way. But the good life is not long, I don't know who once said: Heaven has
　　
　　811. Anti Communist left trumpet: Goshen's social gospel has inspiring effect
　　
　　The landlord should continue to insist.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Yimin: Thank you. I will stick to it. I will work hard all my life. 20331126
　　
　　〃Chuanchangjian date of submission: September 6, 2006: warning poem (for yemeijiao)
　　
　　Grabbing Baidu Post Bar to capture Yajiao mountain
　　
　　It's hard to apply for space everywhere and build a propaganda base
　　
　　Clearly mental illness will continue to expand ignorance, ignorance
　　
　　I hope I can find my way back. Otherwise, I will warn the schizophrenics.
　　
　　〃〃Recently, there is a suspected Church in Guangdong or South Korea, which is called "Ge Yimin religion", also known as "Yemei religion" and "national Gospel". The clues collected on the Internet mostly focus on their secular actions, but not much on their theology?
　　
　　〃Yexue: on any platform, it depends on the face of others, including foreign countries, so it reflects the importance of its official website.
　　
　　Lord! How about this one? Let's go out with each other
　　
　　〃You asked me to associate with Ge Yimin, the author of this book. Do you know this person or his followers?
　　
　　I haven't read the Yemeni Sutra yet, but I can easily identify it as a heresy.
　　
　　But I don't hate heresy, but the advice I should say is that there are not many heresies in the world, and few of them can have a far-reaching influence. Besides, the author of the Yemei Sutra seems to have a high demand on human morality, so their influence will be even smaller, Because they are not even as comforting as some churches in the seven lampstands.
　　
　　Sociologically and psychologically, unless they are cunning and free from all human evils, they are not required to change from evil to good. Only in this way can they grow a little stronger, but they may still fail,
　　
　　I'm not giving advice. On the contrary, I just point out that the author of the book can hardly obtain secular authority. I have to say that the author of the book will always offend God for this benefit.
　　
　　I say these words not out of threat, but out of love. If the author of the book has read the revelation, he should know that the end of the false prophet is always in the pit of fire, and I can't save him. However, I know that the words of those saints are to let us, with a heart of fear, hold those who are going to fall. They may not listen to advice, or they may listen to advice, When the human heart has been filled with its own stubbornness, no one can hold him, but the saints and Jesus said that if you hold him, you will have one more brother.
　　
　　I hope I can have one more brother, even if I am the author of the Jemaah Scripture, even if I am all the villains, I am your servant and your brother.
　　
　　I want you to turn around. As long as God opens your eyes, you can see and your heart can understand.
　　
　　813. I'm beloved: Hello, everyone. This is the anti Yemei post
　　
　　Yemeni he created yemenism. Let's create an anti yemenism organization together, which is called the anti yemenism group. Mei Hua who is willing to leave yemenism, please come in and give a name. Those who are anti yemenism, please come in and give your name. Please don't believe in St. Yemeni, because he is a false prophet. I can swear to the Holy Spirit, If I dare to tell you a lie, I'll be killed by a car, and I'll be beaten down to the eighteenth hell. I'll never live, Hallelujah.
　　
　　I hope you can find the right way, return to the embrace of the father, and don't be cheated by the prophet St. Jerome, or you will be punished if you offend the Holy Spirit. Oh, I hope you cherish it. God has asked me to remind you that St. Jerome is a false prophet. If you don't repent, you will be punished. Don't blame God for not reminding you, because God loves you, So he doesn't want to let everyone be punished for being cheated by St. Jerome, but if everyone is stubborn, continues to support St. Jerome, helps him promote the religion of Yemeni, and makes more people cheated, then God will punish you. Believe it or not, it's your business. Why should I take care of it?
　　
　　I just don't want you to be punished for being cheated by him. If you make a mistake, you will be punished. God is just. No matter who you are, you will be punished if you make a mistake. However, if you know your mistake and change it, God will be cool. God has given you an opportunity. I hope you can cherish it and don't regret it until you are punished, because it's too late. Please leave your names, And pray to God that you are willing to break away from yemenism, to fight against yemenism with everyone, to return to the embrace of God, and to continue to be God's faithful people. Please publicize more, let more people fight against yemenism, and tell all brothers and sisters who believe in God that St. Yemeni is a false prophet, so that everyone will not be deceived by him and go astray. We are God's people, and we should believe in God, Listen to the word of God, please do yourself a good job, please leave your name, repent quickly, there is still time.
　　
　　2006-5-9
　　
　　814. Hsin Liou: God is dumb, and the coming Jesus is heretic
　　
　　It's still very interesting... Ironic Laman. But what kind of ghost prophet is he? Is the prophet so cheap... Maybe I searched this man, that's it
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: if there is a strange image, it depends on the official website Shenwang http://www.gegod.com
　　
　　〃〃Cnnnk あにき: Beize is the God of man.
　　
　　〃Yexue: OK, let's make a comparison.
　　
　　〃〃The vast sea of people 2:20210619 Ge Shenjian new network god forum, and modify the format of the home page of God net.
　　
　　〃Yexue: 20210623 God network big update, did not put Google Advertising and Baidu statistics page, have added a common bottom footer, in order to add 2.
　　
　　〃〃Vast sea of people 2: last year and this year, I have done Yemei photo album and Yemei classmate message album respectively, both of which are carried about every Friday. As a result, Yemei classmate message album is now cleared to only one. In addition, to be honest, it's very pleasant to chat with Yemei, but I don't want Yemei to be so stubborn anymore:) after all, it's heresy.
　　
　　〃Yexue: I'm a contemporary Christian Communist. I'm not a heretic. Some quotations are too much, and they are also a hype strategy.
　　
　　815. Why can jemay dominate the majority?
　　
　　A few years ago, the bar owner of Baidu Christian bar was "Abraham". Later, Yemei climbed up again and put some articles such as Yemei Scripture and meihuaxun at the top. This man became the bar owner of many bars such as Yahoo and Sogou. Who can reveal the reason? 2008-2-2
　　
　　〃There is a heresy, or heresy, called yemenism... I don't know what the landlord means by sending such a post.. It seems that there is something wrong with the leader of Yemei.. In fact, it played a role of propaganda for yemenism... Ask God for mercy.. I put this post in the garbage station and delete it before 12 noon tomorrow! God keep us!
　　
　　〃〃I have been in Ge Yimin for a long time. In his eyes, the Bible, Jesus and God are just his tools. He just fantasizes about his communist society. Unification. Bible: strive to argue for the word handed over to the apostles once! Of man, God is corrupt; Of God, man cannot corrupt. But goyimin is completely self-centered, so he has to call himself God. In his eyes, the Bible, Jesus and God are all his tools. It's tolerable, but which one can't?
　　
　　〃Language is powerful. Hardly understood. Search with Yemei Sutra, it's terrible. Brothers and sisters can search to see. It seems that the influence is quite big??
　　
　　816. Today I really know what heresy is
　　
　　At the beginning, I saw that someone reprinted my article to Yahoo blog. It's a good thing that someone reprinted it... So I added him as a friend. Sweat to death... Take a look at his links, all of them belong to ge Yimin...
　　
　　According to Leng Xue, those believers are girls, also known as Gehua. They are all women cheated by the singer Ming. He is a layman of religion. He also has his wife and children, so he is a kind of gossip.
　　
　　Disgusting... Vomiting... The key is how stupid those women are?! Sweet words are really poisonous!!
　　
　　I strongly condemn the heretic website Ge Yimin for forwarding my post, which was first published in the Christian era forum, without indicating the copyright. Yesterday, I went to negotiate with the post, but there was no response.
　　
　　I don't have any opinions when I go to the blog, but they even go to preach that GE Yimin is the God of today, the second Jesus Christ. Such evil heretic websites bewitch people, which is no different from the heresies like linglingjiao a few years ago. Why didn't the government deal with these people? The existence of this cult is a cancer on the road to the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
　　
　　Brothers and sisters, let's all join hands to beg for a hundred million people.
　　
　　〃This is how Jesus came to be God.
　　
　　Yeme: about my vision.
　　
　　817. Deyang: Ge Xiji is young.
　　
　　〃I have sent the letter to you before. He has a dedicated website and a group of followers.
　　
　　Is this from abroad? Or an imported heresy?
　　
　　〃〃Sunbo: please don't talk to me about jemay or Hua Xuehe - if Christians, non Christians, semi Christians, or Christians who feel good about themselves don't say that they are the embodiment of the truth, then what's the significance of discussing this problem?
　　
　　〃Never give up: who does yeme mean?
　　
　　He's not Christian. Some people say that he is a cult. Has our government identified him as a cult?
　　
　　〃〃Liang Xiaowen: (about the deception of Yemei and plastic products), many years ago, some people still remember to laugh. After so many years, Yemei still sang Yimin. Haha, the world joked that Bush also read Yimin! Such a thick skin can persist for so many years! Cow!
　　
　　〃Mild77: more and more tricks. In fact, it is always good at mixing sand.
　　
　　818. Wolf shepherd Xiao Jie: in other words, Ge Xie has known several netizens before
　　
　　Ge Xie is willing to have friendly contact with them. Although most of the netizens who used to contact them can't get in touch now, Ge Xie also wants to know how the TV kitchen is doing.
　　
　　TV chefs have done most of lege's creations before (pictures, words and videos of gezhu are all included), and also interacted with gezhu. The only thing we can know about the whereabouts is that the number of TV chefs' Post Bar changed to the current head portrait in 2018, and the TV chefs have also deleted their speech records, which can't be found. I remember on Douban, I saw TV kitchen related discussion, saying that it was the latest situation and station B, but unfortunately, I have forgotten, and now I can't find the original page. In addition, TV chefs have depression and used to make depressive remarks on the post bar.
　　
　　Boliling hafnium, station B, but it doesn't seem to interact any more. He has also done LEGO creation, video (BBGYM) and pictures (four chapters of silver dream in geshen version), and now he is a general cookie crowd.
　　
　　In addition, I am also very curious about how Ge Zhu recognized the three people at the beginning of this year, and the search for their names on the website of station B has no result.
　　
　　〃Yexue: I used to post in this kind of bar (I post all the popular ones).
　　
　　819. Jay the Werewolf: besides, you are a sensitive person
　　
　　So I think one of the major reasons why the main number was sealed may be because of your news, so in a sense, you have harmed me (Xiao AO). B station did not see that yexue is you, it's hard to say, because my No. 2 can't send a comment, and wolf shepherd Xiaojie can send it, so maybe they already know that you are Ge himself.
　　
　　〃Yexue: station B should know that yexue is me, I have sent Ge related, not in a public identity, OK. Send half, not half, only delete the post, not the title.
　　
　　Post it, I only send Ge related, don't praise Ge, it's OK.
　　
　　〃〃Deyang himself: there must be something to enlighten the world. Gexie knows that writing ＾wordofgod￣s is a God's net.
　　
　　820. Wolf shepherd Xiaojie: netzhe's shielding degree in LAN
　　
　　Big, that's serious. Only for reasons like anti gravity molecules or something that can't be explained in detail, in short, the treatment can be regarded as very high. For example, aunt Ge, both of them are blocked all over the Internet. Ge, as we know, has been blocked: Post Bar, Zhihu, B station, Tianya, microblog and other domestic platforms. Most of the speeches will be blocked, but now it seems that the management is loose, and Ge Xin is still alive. The outer platform is a little better. What's more, he also has his own official website where he can send content at will, which is what other platforms don't have. Similarly, Auntie also has a website, which is mainly used for charging fees and the first backup of farting. I don't know who is better treated, but I don't know.
　　
　　Your real name, Zhihu, was originally published on shennet. Later, Zhihu Dagao hacked off this account, which led to the closure of GE's account. The article disappeared, leaving only two answers. From then on, I will punish this ungrateful God stick!
　　
　　〃Timeytfd: did Ge Xie consider writing another book? Such as "on XXX of Yemei" and "life of Yemei", but it seems that they are not used, and the contents are all written into the broken book of ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　〃〃Liu Yifei 2033: watching Shenwang, there are sections.
　　
　　〃Deyang himself: because there is only one Bible, and the Koran is also one, another hadith, I put it in my mind. It's just ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　The name is six words: Ge Hua is a man who does great things.
　　
　　〃Deyang: are you Gehua?
　　
　　〃〃Yuejun falls into the world: you are also involved in GE's game. You can't do without his words day and night. You are an evil devil.
　　
　　〃Deyang himself: I'm Ge Hei.
　　
　　I take it as my duty to criticize Ge.
　　
　　〃〃Fusheng unlimited funny: Z truth: my name is Zhao, you want to listen to me.
　　
　　〃Caoone: a lot of ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　〃〃Liu Hongdeng: Chi Fei actually does the same thing.
　　
　　〃Lu Nai: ha ha, in terms of scale, Mr. Chi Fei is much worse.
　　
　　〃〃Caritas long-term vision I have serious doubts about mental problems
　　
　　〃Erew: This product is actually a serious reprint of "Ge Yimin Hong Xiuquan said" this stinking thing.
　　
　　〃〃God King: it's like philosophy. I've seen this man.
　　
　　〃New look Back then, the prophet bar was all broken posts of this man.
　　
　　〃〃Biozh: this person feels that he should be paranoid schizophrenic. He should be advised to see a doctor.
　　
　　〃Hahaha: I dare not watch it.
　　
　　〃〃Bai Yunlong?: Thank you for enriching the shielding table.
　　
　　〃Adult tiger cat: is this man graduated from NTU???
　　
　　〃〃Uncle Guan Qianshou (author): blow.
　　
　　〃If 1goto10: same shock.
　　
　　〃〃Rent: hhhhhhhh￣wordofgod￣, toxic, neurotic.
　　
　　〃Madolkke: why do I think all the articles in this account are black..
　　
　　〃〃Uncle Qianshou Guan (author): that's his true self. As long as he mentions him, as long as he doesn't scold him completely, he copies it and publicizes it everywhere.
　　
　　〃Blue collar workers Actually sent 361 articles???
　　
　　〃〃Xu Song: I'm from Zhenjiang.
　　
　　〃Zhihu: if Zeng Shiqiang and Nan Huaijin are fake masters, who can be called the real masters of modern Chinese culture?
　　
　　〃〃My young commander: he Wentao, Shen Yi, wolf herder, Yun Jie, He Xin, Zhou Xiaoping, Zhou Jinhua, Hu Xijin, long Yutao, Zhou Libo, Sima Nan, Huang Weiheng, Hou jusen, Aunt Liu, Ge Yimin
　　
　　〃Tumbler: the name of Ge Yimin, long time no see.
　　
　　〃〃Phineario: @ Li Juan, Deyang
　　
　　〃Deyang Li Juan: search Ge Shen net.
　　
　　822. Yuyue lucky clam: two gods lucky end (2 pictures)
　　
　　〃Wolf shepherd: four chapters of Ge Shen's silver dream.
　　
　　〃〃Grupo 21:45:20
　　
　　If you rule the world, what will be your name?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 22:05:56
　　
　　The kingdom of God
　　
　　823, meidailasi: there are more than a dozen post bars occupied by these heretics surnamed Ge!
　　
　　〃Tubalu loves porridge: Archaeology, reporting the war situation, building master, prophet.. A lot of other bars have also been broken.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Hua: the headquarters is still there.
　　
　　〃Tubalu loves porridge: it's still there. It's empty shell,,,
　　
　　〃〃Shenwang: you're right. Because I can't get out of the mountain, I've been disappointed for 20 years.
　　
　　〃Your selfish Soul: who is Ge himself.
　　
　　〃〃Zhihei: Geji.
　　
　　〃Your selfish Soul: what does Ge Ji mainly do?
　　
　　What character setting?
　　
　　〃〃Zhihei: gym God is two levels higher than God and three levels higher than human beings.
　　
　　〃〃God: "gym created the creator, the creator created God, and God created man."
　　
　　〃Your selfish Soul: who is gym and what character set?
　　
　　〃〃Deyang himself: he who calls himself God is set by God.
　　
　　824. Glory: salvation from God
　　
　　1. God's guidance.
　　
　　Dear friends, when you live in this world, breathing every mouthful of air, drinking every cup of water, eating every piece of bread. Is there gratitude or resentment in your heart!?
　　
　　Are you confused by your life?
　　
　　Are you at a loss for your goal?
　　
　　Are your tears still flowing?
　　
　　Is your fragile heart still sad?
　　
　　Don't use the eyes of sinners like angels to beg others to redeem you. All you can rely on is the light God gives you
　　
　　2. God's question.
　　
　　The weak resent the strong, and the strong accept the weak.
　　
　　Dear friends, when you are slandering Ge Yimin's theology, is there such a fantasy in your heart?
　　
　　Hope to have a pair of wings to protect you from the wind and rain.
　　
　　Hope to have a chest that you can rely on?
　　
　　In a way, you have the same fantasy. I hope someone can resist everything for you, so that your fragile heart can get temporary comfort?
　　
　　So that your lazy heart, still living in the "self", can completely abandon everything and continue to sink to death?
　　
　　Why are you so anti theocratic?
　　
　　Ge Yimin is not your father's enemy. Why do you discredit him?
　　
　　Is Ge Yimin cult really a cult? Do you really slander him out of a sense of justice?
　　
　　no You are not!
　　
　　The reason why you really don't want to see God is because you have already failed!
　　
　　What are you? You are nothing!
　　
　　You don't want to make progress, play with some cleverness, and think how great you are!
　　
　　It's only when you've suffered setbacks and blows that you realize,
　　
　　You are nothing!
　　
　　And then,
　　
　　You see the Ge Yimin cult,
　　
　　I saw Ge Yimin,
　　
　　When you see that all the people in the religion have found their own beliefs and worked hard for their own beliefs, you suddenly look back and find that what you have come along with yourself is failure or failure!
　　
　　In your heart, you reject people who are better than you in reality, but expect someone like your parents to shield you from the wind and rain, and treat your boring fantasy as ridiculous justice!
　　
　　Cult, what a funny hat is this?
　　
　　You want someone to comfort you when you are injured!
　　
　　You want someone to save you when you are in danger!
　　
　　But you have never thought that everything needs to depend on yourself!
　　
　　You want to be superior, so as to create a poor sense of superiority, to nourish your heart that has lost confidence.
　　
　　When you see the theologians, everyone is self-reliance, self-improvement, self-confidence, self love
　　
　　But just like a dog whose tail has been trampled on, it hisses bitterly.
　　
　　what is it? This is superior in your eyes!
　　
　　This is the dream of your enterprising heart!
　　
　　Finally, you find that in reality what is not yourself, on the Internet, in this full of hypocrisy and harmony warm psychological bar, you have been accepted.
　　
　　Your fragile hearts nestle together and absorb the so-called warmth and light from each other.
　　
　　You finally get the so-called superiority by slandering Ge Yimin's theology and your so-called sense of justice!
　　
　　You know that god religion is legal, but you still insist on your unreasonable behavior.
　　
　　Is it really your so-called sense of justice that leads to the exclusion of heresy?
　　
　　no That's not! It's not so much a cult as you don't want to see it flourishing!
　　
　　Although you know how naive and ridiculous your behavior is, even though your reason tells you that in reality you are still a mediocre waste wood.
　　
　　But you are not willing to thoroughly reflect!
　　
　　So you've made up a lie, a self deceiving lie that allows you to maintain this childish denigration!
　　
　　That is, Ge Yimin cult is a cult!
　　
　　Because you don't agree with the point of view in ＾wordofgod￣, you have wiped out all his achievements!
　　
　　But your reason tells you that what GE Yimin said is right!
　　
　　So you should do everything possible to slander, insult and scold Ge Yimin!
　　
　　And extend this kind of revenge to the reality, attack Ge Yimin! Insult and frame the worshipers!
　　
　　Why do you do this? You know why!
　　
　　You want to piece together your original ridiculous fantasy!
　　
　　You are afraid to make you feel ashamed of the God, as well as the sun self-confident God believers, continue to better development!
　　
　　You are still willing to think that the reality is dark!
　　
　　So you don't want to see Ge Yimin's religion, and you dare not see his followers!
　　
　　So you must insist on doing useless work, you don't want to lose the only sense of superiority!
　　
　　You are afraid that because of the cruelty of reality and tortured by the fragmentary heart, only a little fantasy completely declared bankruptcy!
　　
　　Why did you fail?
　　
　　Because you are weak! Because you are selfish! Because you are incompetent!!!
　　
　　In real life, you find that you can't adapt to the rules of the game there!
　　
　　You can't play with other people!
　　
　　But on the Internet, in the bar, you can stand on a level with a group of incompetent guys like yourself, so as to find back the dignity and confidence that you have lost for a long time.
　　
　　Maybe Ge Yimin is not a real God, but he is the one who can make you see his decadent face!
　　
　　So you're pissed off.
　　
　　If God Ge Yimin is insulted, you will feel that your sense of failure seems to be alleviated. If God Ge Yimin is praised, you will feel that your future is bleak!
　　
　　Now you are like a dead owner's dog here to slander Ge Yimin. Why!? Because you know, your ridiculous fantasies have been declared bankrupt!
　　
　　3. God's salvation.
　　
　　Why are you inferior to others? Why can ge Yimin be so powerful and successful? If you can use your profound wisdom, you can easily gain the admiration and respect of others? But you can only be hurt by this cruel reality again and again?
　　
　　Because the rules of the game there are set by others, what you play are all played by others! It's all under the control of others!
　　
　　And you are even more lack of a determination to constantly strive for self-improvement!
　　
　　You are all ordinary people. If you don't register when you are born, you will be a black family. You can't fail in the exam. You must work hard after graduation or you will have no food to eat. Everything follows the rules made by others for you. When you meet someone who is more suitable to the rules than you, you are doomed to be defeated, just like you are now!
　　
　　Occasionally you may have some small achievements, when you will more ridicule and look down on those who are more unsuitable to this rule than you!
　　
　　Ge Yimin God, as a founder of a new order, your disagreement with his behavior reflects your detestable cowardice. Because it's not so much that you don't agree, it's more that you are afraid to admit your weakness and incompetence!
　　
　　Your ridiculous ideas will only reverse the development of the world and the civilization.
　　
　　It's normal for people like you who don't know anything to be fooled by others. You are so ordinary that you can't be any more ordinary people. If you say a word, your life will fall into other people's eyes. Go to school, graduate, work, if possible, get married and have children in the future. When the child retires, when the child is born, you almost die. Simple and happy, how wonderful.
　　
　　It's the only way for you to spend your life in the dark.
　　
　　You fantasize about miracles, but you are lazy to fight for them. For those who bravely seize the opportunity, you will only be unable to eat the grapes and say that the grapes count.
　　
　　End:
　　
　　Having said so much, perhaps you should now understand a little bit the meaning of your life.
　　
　　Learn to:
　　
　　Face your heart, put aside your cowardice!
　　
　　Face your life and save your heart.
　　
　　I sincerely hope that you will go to a higher level in your future life.
　　
　　Author: Guangcai.
　　
　　825, vast crowd: netzhe high yield video ranking
　　
　　The fourth song of Yimin
　　
　　Excluding the videos made by TV chef, Yu Yuexing clam and Ge Paolo, we only count his daily life videos, self recorded neuro text and hymns. There are about 272 videos in total. Of course, he may continue to read them. The number of videos of Ge Yimin is the best to check, mainly because they all back up the videos on the official website.
　　
　　〃〃Vast crowd 2: after finishing, Chuang Wen has more words than GE's ＾wordofgod￣, and more videos than GE's self recorded reading of ＾wordofgod￣...
　　
　　It's no wonder that Yunjie live broadcast for such a long time, rereading cliches, some people give money heart smile, it is not recommended to give money. To tell you the truth, I have the spare money. I'd rather go to eBay to buy the ＾wordofgod￣ e-book than waste it here.
　　
　　〃Yexue: what is the purpose of reward? Of course I won't.
　　
　　Shennet has a large number of articles and diaries that have not been collected.
　　
　　God video is currently 50g.
　　
　　〃〃Just a few cowards: be careful, gym
　　
　　826, Zhi Hei: ＾wordofgod￣, from the Bible, higher than the Bible
　　
　　The latest achievements of human civilization in 2000
　　
　　God is always new
　　
　　Ge Zhuomin
　　
　　〃Nine childe: a word to road, as expected ＾wordofgod￣.
　　
　　〃〃Deyang himself: brother, you are nervous.
　　
　　〃Jiugongzi: only by admitting his own shortcomings can he surpass his own shortcomings, and only by admitting his own lowliness can he break through his own lowliness. To reach the end. There is always room for improvement.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ 5aekdve: Yes, Gexie has no room for expansion.
　　
　　〃Lao Shui returns to Beijing: why do you still believe in Shinto? But Azi is advocating humanity. To eliminate Shinto. Man is one level above God. Purple eliminated Sakyamuni in the era of Pisces Shinto. You believe in ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ 5aekdve: ＾wordofgod￣ or God's word, God created man.
　　
　　〃Shenglijun Yuying powder: you have to die!
　　
　　Why do you make rumors? Don't say no. even if she's married, it's none of your business? You're not a saint. What can you be? Say others are not as good as you. Let's hear it? I'm all ears!
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ 5aekdve: Ge Xie calls himself God and sits in the temple of God.
　　
　　〃〃Vast sea of people: Ge Yao's ＾wordofgod￣s, this broken book is also full of a large number of anti gravity remarks.
　　
　　〃Chuang Ren, Sheng Yemei and Zhang Jie have all been thin, but now they are all fat.
　　
　　〃〃Yexue: miss my young and thin, I am fat, not good.
　　
　　〃Your selfish Soul: you don't know him at all. Can you have a detailed understanding.
　　
　　〃〃Deyang himself: if you look at the ＾wordofgod￣ catalog, you will know about it.
　　
　　827. The vast sea of people: on the rare net philosophers who hardly bite the old in the field of net Philosophy
　　
　　The biggest difference between shengyemei and Zhang Yunjie is that they have a serious job, administration and stable income source, which means that shengyemei is definitely different from other webmasters in terms of making money.
　　
　　St. jemay, Du Ren 13, Zhao kesun and Niu Niu are all the only four people who can be self reliant in the field of net philosophy, but I think Zhao kesun's piece should be in doubt.
　　
　　〃〃Freemasonry opens golden mouth: God also kills Ge
　　
　　Ge is the greatest in 2016.
　　
　　〃Huang Yu's red man: a ＾wordofgod￣ to walk the world, all kinds of hardships are nonexistent!
　　
　　ha-ha.
　　
　　〃〃Deyang himself: ＾wordofgod￣s in the hands of immortals.
　　
　　828. Anti Communist left trumpet: the landlord combs the differences between communism and Communist totalitarianism
　　
　　The landlord pointed out the direction for the realization of communism.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: my essence is Ge Yimin's doctrine.
　　
　　Ge Yimin doctrine is called theocratic communism.
　　
　　At present, there is only one program: all poor people live better.
　　
　　〃〃Zhao Zilong: if the Bible records God's words, then God can also overturn or patch it.
　　
　　〃Geyimin: a patch is a ＾wordofgod￣.
　　
　　〃〃Into the court not into Zen: there are also out licking the dog, really absolutely forced, how do you not let the belch fart essence take you to fly, out put this bragging force! I'm not afraid to drag you to death.
　　
　　〃Deyang himself: they believe in Ge Yongsheng.
　　
　　〃〃Feng dance nine days drunk peace: did not understand what is God, and the Bible, is speaking for God.
　　
　　〃Deyang himself: they say ＾wordofgod￣s are the new language of God.
　　
　　829. Wolf shepherd Xiaojie: the only two people in the world of cyber philosophy who can ban the whole net
　　
　　One is song, and the other is Liu. The former often swipes the screen in Baidu Post Bar all the year round. Some zombies even abuse their friends, and contain a lot of anti gravity content, which leads to the above special attention to songs, We also banned several post bar numbers of song that year, such as "St. Jeme", "Ge Yimin", "meihei", "divine Saint Jasmine", "Gym", "plastic", "yexue", "Guo Hongmei", "anti Jeme alliance", "anti divine alliance" and "Superman xiaobiao". Even Mei hei and II died a lot. Major domestic search engines regard gym as a sensitive word. It is not difficult to achieve this condition.
　　
　　〃Yexue: I have about 150 bar numbers. II was sealed (bought) no statistics, with sealed with buy.
　　
　　830, Weiming War Ghost owl: Ge Yimin recently said that ＾wordofgod￣ has reference to Nietzsche
　　
　　So I think it's necessary to remind Zhang Piqiu to wear a whip when he licks a woman
　　
　　〃Diego Li: ah, yesterday my roommate played chicken until three o'clock here... Wo Lao's dark eye circles are close to ge Yimin
　　
　　〃〃True freedom Xia Jun: my powers are free to go in and out of Zhongnanhai. You haven't heard of that! Otherwise, how dare you say you are the second generation of God?
　　
　　〃y??? Comet: @ Ge Yimin, someone is going to challenge you.
　　
　　〃〃Nugkta: I give you some praise. Is Yao Ming like GE Yimin searching his name all day long.
　　
　　〃Owl: of course.
　　
　　"Dandelion Lun aluminum child": "yesterday I dreamt of pony, yesterday I dreamt of Xiaoge (Yimin), today is you." Are you__
　　
　　(MA Gemeng)
　　
　　〃〃Nugkta: at least Ge Yimin and Li Zehang are the same.
　　
　　〃FeiGong: I remember there seems to be a saying that Baidu's three major cults, sex abstinence, female fist and release.
　　
　　〃〃Master of ape wnaga: is Ge Yimin so unfriendly?
　　
　　〃y??? Comet: Ge Yimin and feeling.
　　
　　〃〃Grandfather Mao has nothing to kill: are you ge Yimin?
　　
　　〃Asahara Shoko
　　
　　Ge Yimin
　　
　　Study
　　
　　〃〃Wkwk: Li Wei is a copy of LAN Zhi, and an aunt is a copy of Ge Yimin.
　　
　　〃Superman xiaobiao: we all believe that GE Yimin is a God.
　　
　　〃〃Owl: not an idol, but Ge Yimin (whisper)
　　
　　〃Liu Zhanxian: the founder Niu Zishen came out of the Miao village and began to wipe out the barbaric grandmothers abroad. He put out Yunjie's barbaric country, doused the love for grandmothers, eliminated Lanzhi wangzhe, and eradicated Ge Yimin's self canonization. Why did green grandmothers, red grandmothers, and black grandmothers force me to rot one by one,,,
　　
　　Besides Yun Jie and silk, what else is there? Does LAN Zhi's tweet, Panzhihua's he Wentao's tweet, ＾wordofgod￣ Ge Yimin's tweet, Rome's tweet,,,
　　
　　〃〃Creamballoon: Ge Yimin, pay attention, please,,,
　　
　　〃Huang Yu's red man: I have to denounce Ge Xie this year!
　　
　　〃〃Jiugongzi: the clown sent by Christianity. Is it worth your great efforts? Isn't that funny
　　
　　To say what is supreme and unique is bound to the definition of oneself. Unable to move forward, and eventually to perish.
　　
　　〃Deyang himself: it is still all over the network publicity, must be approved.
　　
　　831. The red man of Huang Yu: Ge Xie. Would you like to be my substitute?
　　
　　〃Deyang himself: it certainly will, as long as it is popular.
　　
　　arrowroot. Come on. Food...
　　
　　Do you like Pueraria? Zhu Sheng.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ Gsd4uj2: Yes, I'm kudzu.
　　
　　〃Deyang himself: I know you, a glorious kudzu flower.
　　
　　〃Vast sea of people 2: before Jiezi suddenly announced the opening of a new live trumpet, before a lot of new skin think. If you want to be tall and foreign, you can use the English name. If you don't know how to use it, you can use the English version of ＾wordofgod￣ to translate it.
　　
　　〃〃4q Shen: two factions of s Religion:
　　
　　Soft faction: side percussion propaganda s Jing, representative g min. Hardliners: they will scold when they have a grudge and take the initiative to report others. Representative: G min.
　　
　　832. Wolf shepherd Xiao Jie: how does aunt evaluate Ge Shen
　　
　　The evaluation is quite in place. In fact, when Auntie comments on things, she doesn't start from the public direction, but uses other examples to highlight her own point of view. Auntie doesn't directly say what the characteristics of this thing are, but lets you slowly taste the words of auntie, which is several grades higher than other webmasters. Therefore, if aunt's evaluation of Ge Shen is gradually realized, she can't understand it. If aunt and Yang Fan are compared, Yang Fan's opinion will not be accepted by the public. However, other people's opinion is too anti wisdom, and aunt has a real aunt instead of being profound.
　　
　　〃Yexue: as soon as I see my aunt's comments on me, I think she is talented. She has a wide range of knowledge, which also shows that she has read neurology.
　　
　　833. The vast sea of people: he Shenren
　　
　　Jianzhong Internet nearly 20 years, there is a middle-aged people long-term improper speech, and unrepentant. Looking back on his life on the Internet, in 2001, he had already published content in the name of "Saint Jeme" in the Christian community on the Internet, which was incompatible with the public. Although the content was only an analysis and opinion of the Bible and doctrines, he claimed to be the only God after all, which undoubtedly challenged the emperor. He also said that Zhenjiang, Jiangsu Province, was the holy land, and he called himself the Savior of the son of God, Yemei community and Yemei net were built in those years. In December 2004, the book "Yemei Jing" was published. Of course, this person was still rated as heresy, but I just laughed and ignored it, and even loved to interact with other female netizens.
　　
　　At that time, the content of yemenism was mainly about Christ. Baidu Post Bar built Yemeni bar and closed it. However, it also occupied many Christian Post bars, conniving at the curse of "yexue" and "plastic goods" (claiming to be female). Later, Yemei religion changed into a god religion, Yemei Scripture changed into a ＾wordofgod￣, Yemei net changed into a god net, and shengyemei changed into a song. Yimin changed his real name again. Instead of talking about Christ, Yimin claimed to be the sage of crape myrtle. In 2014, ＾wordofgod￣ published a book, but soon the relevant publishing house would not publish it.
　　
　　His real name was listed as one of the sensitive words by Baidu in 2017, and was blocked by the whole domestic network in 2019. At present, this person still publicizes the theocracy, and Shenwang is constantly updated, especially ＾wordofgod￣.
　　
　　The middle-aged man who has been playing online for 20 years has founded a cult. He has almost no religion of "believers" and does not organize. Therefore, he is not a cult. This is his own view. It's hard to say if anyone believes the religion. In the vulgar department, which regards him as a pleasure, new vulgar people don't remember her very much; Even in the headquarters bar and the major sage bars, there is still no place for theological thought; Why did Yemeni create a religion? It seems that Yemei became a God in 2001 because of a strange dream. She came into contact with Christianity during the period of Nanjing University, and claimed with her classmates that he was a God. Then she passed the church in high school and felt holy.
　　
　　Here I would like to advise Yemei once again that it is still too late to rein in the precipice, even though my spirit belongs to the anti Yemei alliance. In particular, the ＾wordofgod￣ news, according to bar friends, is that Yemei bribed Netease editors to tamper with the Bible as the Yemei Scripture, but maybe not. According to a netizen's discovery, the original text is the gospel, and Yemei may have known that the original text may not be the Yemei Scripture, but the Bible of Tencent News, making a big fuss with the wrong version, What's more, the coach of Milan talked about the Jeme Scripture, and Jeme herself knew that other translated versions all pointed to the Bible, but she still included the wrong version in the ＾wordofgod￣ news to comfort herself.
　　
　　(reverse publicity)
　　
　　〃Deyang Lijuan: Four Seasons publishing house is under the pressure of the domestic government. It wants to cheat me to return the book number fee and return the registration form sealed by the Hong Kong government's leisure department. Of course, I will not return it. It's closed now, and the Hong Kong government's Department of recreation has told me how to check the list of Neurology books published by the Hong Kong Government (see the honor column of Shenwang News), and the copyright of Neurology belongs to the author.
　　
　　Milan coach news, why does Netease appear yemeijing? It is still unknown.
　　
　　834. Vast crowd: I just tried it
　　
　　The original texts translated by major translation software are all Gospels or Bibles. No matter how to say it, it's not the turn of the book of Yemeni. Maybe Netease editors know you and don't know what your original intention is. The bad ones are just like what Paul Gerrard said. The good ones are to publicize you in a different way. It is reasonable to say that Fang Zhongxin's email should be found soon, but this name is a star, most of the search results are him, it is difficult to find the information of the editor with the same name. In addition, I read other news of CITIC below, but I didn't see the appearance of the colored eggs like the Yemei Sutra.
　　
　　〃Deyang Lijuan: Fang Zhongxin doesn't know me. He can only say that he knows me. He doesn't know the truth.
　　
　　835. Da Da Wu Da Sa: has Hu Chunfang recovered from his illness?
　　
　　Well, how can the Christian column and God community of god.com still have charitable crowdfunding?
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: there's no cure for cancer. I just hope the recurrence will be delayed. And charitable crowdfunding is also prepared for recurrence. Although it doesn't work, hang it.
　　
　　〃〃Big five Sasa: I remember that I really have cancer.
　　
　　Are you and Hu Chunfang arranged? Wiki said that you are arranged. It seems that you don't like Hu Chunfang very much, but prefer several female classmates in the period of reading.
　　
　　In addition, what do you mean by the youth of beautiful sin, no sin or beautiful crime?
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: it's not arranged. Wiki doesn't know this. I prefer female students to be true and innocent students (high school Xu, University Han).
　　
　　Neurology is a good way to understand the meridians
　　
　　Vision 11, beautiful sin - if this is the messenger who has lived in love, covered all sins with love, and made sin valuable in God's hand, to bring the kingdom of heaven, the kingdom of David, to the earth, to ask God to show his grace, to ask God to help, to ask God to give grace to ge Yimin's angel, to accomplish this.
　　
　　〃〃Ah, pretty handsome: Although EQ is high, but intelligence is defective, easy to recruit unprovoked attacks.
　　
　　〃Deyang himself: so we are geheiduo.
　　
　　But you are wishful thinking
　　
　　The girl you like may be old now, or her children may be married. Even so, don't you change your mind.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: boundless, you understand wrong, I like female students, is not to pursue together, no, there is no such meaning. Just simply miss my love (although it's only secret love), miss my youth.
　　
　　I love my wife because she has contracted the housework. In the past 20 years, I have so much time to go online.
　　
　　〃〃Da Da Wu Da Sa: Yes, it seems that I was wrong.
　　
　　Ge Yimin video happy little family seems to have Hu Chunfang doing housework.
　　
　　Your youth, good years, reading period is really very nostalgic, I know others also have a great feeling.
　　
　　837. Sixth generation: Mao Dengjiang, Hu Xige
　　
　　838. Wolf shepherd Xiaojie: it's said that GE Xie is a human demon
　　
　　Yexue, Deyang, Li Juan, plastic products and other leather bags all claim to be women. Zhang Ge Yimin's photos of Nanjing University were also included here, so they classified it as one of the general avatars. This behavior is the same as Aunt Liu, a famous historical theologian, who included the feminization of avatars in her aunt's study Emoji.
　　
　　〃Yexue: my own female ID is the Ge Hua personality I split. It has been used by God community and online home for 20 years. There are many trumpets, which also seem to be prosperous. Some ID is to remember someone.
　　
　　〃〃The vast crowd: Unfortunately, I can't find his email. If I can go back more than ten years, I may be able to contact him. At this time, I leave a message under this news, and he may return.
　　
　　〃Deyang Li Juan: there were 12 news messages. I didn't remember to ask him at that time.
　　
　　839. Kill the crazy Devil: the world is fake
　　
　　It's all in ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　Our world is fake, similar to the matrix. It's all our characters in ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　〃Deyang himself: I want to be God.
　　
　　〃〃King bik: believe in God Ge and get eternal life. Amitabha.
　　
　　〃Elder immortal brother: Shenjing Bing, when you die, go to God and see what you do. You deceive the public with lies and pretend to be God. I'm afraid you don't want to go to hell.
　　
　　〃〃Deyang himself: I accept Ge Xie.
　　
　　〃Elder immortal brother: please accept it quickly. Don't let him deceive the public.
　　
　　〃〃Deyang: 20331126
　　
　　〃Post bar users_ Gsd4uj2: I'm Ge Hua.
　　
　　〃〃Deyang himself: Yes, you are Ge Hua. We also recognize you as a saint.
　　
　　〃Post bar users_ Gsd4uj2: it's better to be Ge Hua.
　　
　　〃〃Deyang himself: Ge Hua, so you are here!
　　
　　〃Post bar users_ Gsd4uj2: Ge Hua is always there. She is the beginning and the end.
　　
　　〃〃Deyang himself: Ge Hua is a goddess, ha ha.
　　
　　Saint, is Ge ye God?
　　
　　〃Post bar users_ Gsd4uj2: I don't know who he is now, but I know he knows me very well, as if he knows everything about me, but I don't know who he is at present.
　　
　　If you are interested, you can also find out who the great God behind God Ge is. My intuition tells me that I am human.
　　
　　〃〃Deyang himself: Ge Xie can claim to be the creator.
　　
　　840. Great Xia Chen: why hasn't Zisheng made a fortune? How annoying!
　　
　　Anyone test it.
　　
　　〃Deyang himself: FA maocai, Ge Xie ＾wordofgod￣, official website, Mao CAI.
　　
　　〃〃Liu141016: no one mentioned Ge Yimin at all. He has no heat at all. Do you fry him or drip it? No one is interested in him, please? ok
　　
　　〃Deyang himself: how many posts on Ge Xie's home page? And red.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ Gsd4uj2: God is a goddess. Fuxi and Hongjun know it best.
　　
　　〃Deyang himself: you are Zhusheng.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ Gsd4uj2: gehuazhu.
　　
　　〃Deyang himself: God Ge Huazhu.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ Gsd4uj2: not bad. I thought the longer the name, the better.
　　
　　〃Deyang himself: ha ha, search the full name of Empress Dowager Cixi.
　　
　　〃〃Liu141016: who knows him? God, whether it's pink or black, what's the point of saying him!
　　
　　〃Deyang himself: you don't know it.
　　
　　841. Deyang himself: I saw Ge Xie's group in the bar today
　　
　　The group leader's head is really Ge Xie.
　　
　　〃Uncle I'm here: that's really holy!
　　
　　But there is a mistake. It's not Zi. Zi is not a saint. Zi has another person!
　　
　　〃〃4q Shen: it's Ge Shen.
　　
　　〃Deyang himself: did you add the group of "true saint"?
　　
　　〃〃King bick: Well, why are you active again.
　　
　　I don't understand and don't take me to play.
　　
　　〃Deyang himself: Ge is too black to criticize Ge evil.
　　
　　〃〃Big demon king bick: Ge is so poor. You can't bully him like that.
　　
　　〃Deyang himself: middle aged man.
　　
　　〃〃I'm here: joke, will I believe these things? I am a materialist!
　　
　　How old is God Ge?
　　
　　〃Deyang himself: 52
　　
　　842. One leaf and one Bodhi: is God Ge himself
　　
　　Ge Yimin: I am myself
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi: @ Ge Yimin seems to have many people against you. Do you have any ideas
　　
　　Ge Yimin: I always regard opposition as popularity.
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi: that's nice, open-minded
　　
　　That won't be tea, will it
　　
　　Ge Yimin: Yes, I said it was OK. Let's do it.
　　
　　Ge Yimin: just without organization
　　
　　Yiye yibodhi: Well, do you think the current ruling party is just
　　
　　Ge Yimin: wechat can't say this. There's a ＾wordofgod￣
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi: Oh, that's right
　　
　　When I entered your group, someone scolded me, but it was ugly, so I left.
　　
　　843. Two ball Suzuki meow: many folk and official philosophers on the Internet and in reality
　　
　　It seems that they are all outside the textbooks and classics, trying to figure out their own set of things, including real goods and fake goods. The real goods are too scary to touch.
　　
　　It can be roughly divided into five types:
　　
　　Tiandi Lixin type: Yunjie, Li Wenren, and netizens' statements about crape myrtle saints belong to this type. This reflects many differences in the world outlook in this magical era. People call on a saint to eliminate the dialectics of life with his outstanding metaphysical technology and make metaphysics become real life.
　　
　　Self worship type: Ge Yimin, independent people and other people who boast about themselves are just this type. In this demon era, there are too many humble people and individuals are suppressed. Here, confidence is undoubtedly the most precious thing. These people show their self-confidence for people to laugh at and have fun. Is this not to meet the needs of self-confidence that people can't meet? Chinese, you should be confident!!!
　　
　　Science and technology worship: communication expert Yang Xuezhi and information philosophy expert Li Ming belong to this type. They believe that philosophy is dead and hope to use powerful tools such as science and technology and strict mathematical logic to solve the problems of world outlook and methodology.
　　
　　Cultural knowledge sharing type: most of them are class sellers and public intellectuals, such as "logical thinking", Wang Dongyue, Gao Xiaosong, Professor dead art, LAN Zhi, etc. They are keen to sell their ideas in the hope of making a profit.
　　
　　Social improvement type: Liu Simo, Qian Jinduo, etc., and many users of zhihu.com belong to this point. Some of them stand on the position of rich friends, while others stand on the position of poor friends. Some advocate that the Chinese people unite to defeat foreigners, while others hope to envy foreign countries and foreigners like foreign countries. But they all cried out for the improvement of society.
　　
　　These fools all reflect the division between us and our time. If there is the spirit of the times, they are the embodiment of the spirit of the times.
　　
　　844. Xuan Zhenyi: crape myrtle sage is not ge Yimin
　　
　　〃Yexue: several useful columns of Kaidi are closed, and the posts can't be opened.
　　
　　In addition, I saw my aunt's public rebellion on twitter. You should mention her carefully.
　　
　　〃〃Boundless crowd 2: I've seen your recent developments. I have to mention you carefully.
　　
　　〃Yexue: she's in America. She rebelled. I won't. I'm in China, and I do the official website. I don't have a strategy to rush the tower.
　　
　　You mean six generations of eyes. I'll try to mirror one by one. It's okay.
　　
　　Moreover, I am the sixth and have the meaning of inheriting and identifying with the top five.
　　
　　〃〃Polar Hawaii: Katie went late and hasn't been rectified before.
　　
　　〃Yexue: Katie only has to eat, drink and have fun now. It's worthless.
　　
　　〃〃Chinese sage bar: Ge Yimin, the book maniac.
　　
　　845. On the importance and necessity of the official website
　　
　　- - Baidu network disk YY live ＾wordofgod￣ video collection --
　　
　　This link may not be accessible because it involves infringement, pornography, reactionary, vulgar and other information!
　　
　　〃Moon watching dumb Wolf: hehe, I hope God net can improve its functions in mapping and text, so if I continue to write this novel, I will continue to update it here, because I understand Ge God and admire Ge God in some aspects.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Yimin is God. Listen to him
　　
　　846. The vast crowd 2: Liu Yifei is favored by St. Yemei and the wolf shepherd
　　
　　However, this does not mean that other online philosophers like Liu Yifei.
　　
　　〃Yexue: I like Liu Yifei. She is the saint in the legend of the saint circle, and the basis is a very far fetched prophecy.
　　
　　Now I like Xu Jinglei, because her open (Kaila) domain name is auctioned by me, and then publicized when it can be resolved.
　　
　　〃〃Boundless crowd 2: why do Yang shisan and St. Jerome like to brush the screen so much?
　　
　　St. Jerome's behavior was even worse. In the early days of surfing the Internet, he often touched porcelain everywhere in the Christ post bar or forum, kicked the Christ bar owner off his own stage, and the Bible was changed into the Jeme Sutra. Even though they have their own websites, they still post crazily in major post bars, including Tianya, Douban and other platforms. Even though many accounts are banned, they are haunted on the network and open several vest crazy activities. Until recently, a Mei Hei jvbao did not stop. Jeme himself called it evangelism.
　　
　　〃Yexue: the letter comes from the legend. How beautiful my feet are when I brush the screen:)
　　
　　In 2004, when Baidu launched the post bar product, I was stationed in the bar. My saint angel and plastic ID were only 1 months less than Robin Li. I registered St. Yemei as the Lord of God bar, registered plastic products as the Lord of God bar, then registered yexue as the Lord of Christian bar, and Guo Hongmei as the Lord and believer bar... ＾wordofgod￣ has commented on "seizing the top of the Christian mountain".
　　
　　When I went online in March 2001, I wrote a post on every website, such as Sina, search arc, Netease... I send three sections.
　　
　　Build clubs and e-tribes in Yahoo China, and build waistcoats to create popularity.
　　
　　847. One leaf and one Bodhi: is God Ge really in his 50s
　　
　　I feel very handsome
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　19690131 52
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　Ge Shen is really young and the maintenance is very good
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Old, where did you see it?
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　Circle of friends
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　thank you
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　How to prove that you are or not brother Zi
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Time and achievements
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　Is that hair
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　no
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　Why, it feels great
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Look at the present
　　
　　Achievements come out, everyone recognizes and leads you to build a great harmony world.
　　
　　〃〃Vast crowd 2: you feel good, but it can affect your friends' experience.
　　
　　〃Jesse: the price of the gospel.
　　
　　〃〃Boundless crowd 2: Guo Hongmei is you. No wonder I mentioned this ID in previous posts. It is said that yexue, shengyemei and Guo Hongmei are the same person!!! Like that.
　　
　　〃Yexue: Yes, she has ＾wordofgod￣s. She is a hair salon girl at work, just like a Hong Kong star.
　　
　　848. The vast sea of people 2: netzhe also has a past crisis
　　
　　Even gym, which is the most frequently launched online in netzhe, is the most miserable. Since it was discovered five years ago, gym has been given the title of netzhe. Later, perhaps because it is not very interesting compared with other netzhe, after all, they just enjoy netzhe with fun, so gym has fallen into the past crisis in netzhe in recent years, such as entering station B, When Chuang Ren casually opened a trumpet, many night butterflies paid attention to it. Yunjie opened a trumpet and now has three digit fans, while yexue has only more than 40 fans in station B. Moreover, there is little mention of gym in the words of some new generations of Le wangzhe. Netizen slang spreads everywhere. Chuang Ren and Yun Jie are much older, but gym doesn't. Even the famous sentence pattern "x is God, you want XX (x)" in the netizen circle is not original by gym. It's a little difficult to delete gym and gym, but it's only a little more serious now.
　　
　　〃Yexue: my essential orientation is contemporary Christian communism.
　　
　　Saint circle, I took the initiative to join. I saw the sage crape myrtle in 2006 and thought it was a specific person, but I was not convinced. Later, I knew that I was a prophet, there was no specific person, and I was rated as one of the top ten saints, so I recognized myself in the circle.
　　
　　Net philosophy circle, I joined passively. The first time I saw the composite picture of the nine netzhe avatars, I was the first picture (mentally retarded and barbaric), so I knew I was netzhe:), so I entered the circle passively.
　　
　　849. Fleeting time: Mr. Ge, how are you recently
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　OK
　　
　　youth passes as a fleeting wave:
　　
　　Do you think the world will be the same in ten years
　　
　　senior
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　twenty million three hundred and thirty-one thousand one hundred and twenty-six
　　
　　youth passes as a fleeting wave:
　　
　　12 years left
　　
　　So fast
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　okay
　　
　　youth passes as a fleeting wave:
　　
　　How did this happen
　　
　　What are we going to do
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Communist society
　　
　　Renew ideas
　　
　　youth passes as a fleeting wave:
　　
　　Don't you need regime
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　The Commonwealth of free men has no dictatorship
　　
　　850. The vast sea of people 2: talk about gym's study and education
　　
　　Compared with Zhang jietaozi and others, gym was a little unusual. After all, he studied well and could be said to be a good teacher and friend of his classmates. Moreover, Yang Fan, professor and LAN Zhi generally looked down on Lu Xun somehow. Gym diary said that he admired Lu Xun very much.
　　
　　He graduated from Nanjing University. He is quite a master. He is from Beihang (microblog calls himself Ludong University). NANDA is better than Beihang; Professor Yang Da (although he dropped out of school), NTU is also better than Yang da. He graduated from an undergraduate course, and his Nan University history is also very popular. And his score is relatively high, so he has the saying that "he can go to Tsinghua University and Peking University".
　　
　　However, he was proficient in English. In wangzhe, only pretty master could speak English. Gym English was not very good. Otherwise, he would not cheat in the English test in junior high school and was finally caught. However, he thought he did well in the English test of the college entrance examination, but he didn't make one and a half math questions, but others did the same. It doesn't matter. And Xu Qian, gym's admirer, also said that his English was not very good (high school).
　　
　　In short, Chapter 14 records many gym reading deeds, including good learning performance, and his diary or messages written by his classmates, which can be seen in detail in.
　　
　　〃Eroluy: in the 1980s, the college entrance examination was a voluntary assessment of scores, which was very difficult. There may be the possibility that Qingbei went to other universities.
　　
　　〃〃Ye Xue: in junior high school, if you want to cheat in English, you just write a piece of paper and put it in the pad book. The teacher handed out the paper and turned it over. English is 0, and the total score ranks seventh in the class.
　　
　　851. [apostles] Paul: when did God occupy Jerusalem?
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2021-7-30 20:13:59
　　
　　twenty million three hundred and thirty-one thousand one hundred and twenty-six
　　
　　[apostle] Paul (143267660) 2021-7-30 20:15:36
　　
　　With what?
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 20:15:54, July 30, 2021
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣
　　
　　[apostle] Paul (143267660) 2021-7-30 20:17:56
　　
　　What if they don't
　　
　　[bubbling] Hunter (1737824629) 2021-7-30 20:18:38
　　
　　Black Jihad
　　
　　[apostle] Paul (143267660) 2021-7-30 20:18:59
　　
　　Brown jihad is almost the same. The color of Ge God is brown
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 20:19:01, July 30, 2021
　　
　　God gave everyone a vision
　　
　　[apostle] Paul (143267660) 2021-7-30 22:37:36
　　
　　Only God Ge is the real heavenly father
　　
　　〃The vast sea of people 2: it seems that there are Yemei (no need to talk more) and manshuo and professors who study online philosophy well.
　　
　　Ge demon doesn't drink (claiming to be).
　　
　　〃〃Ge Shen: really don't drink.
　　
　　852. Anything 1 will do: the picture of the Japanese games is Ge Shen
　　
　　As like as two peas, God is really holy.
　　
　　〃Baiyun eats Ge Biao raw: Ge Shen is great!
　　
　　〃〃Anything 1 will do: wait for God Ge to lead us to kill hey man.
　　
　　Baidu can't find Ge Shen's picture.
　　
　　What does little Japan mean? Does it mean to kill God Ge? It's called holy because it flies.
　　
　　〃Flowers bloom on the street_ HUD: really.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Hello, where is this picture? Who is Ben Zun?
　　
　　〃〃Anything 1 will do: the head of Japan's opening ceremony was searched by Baidu.
　　
　　God GE's people can't fight anymore, Ge Yi min
　　
　　Look at the pictures of the Japanese games on the Internet. Ge Shen is an old bar friend. He has been a player for more than 10 years. He claims to be very powerful.
　　
　　You don't know god Ge and ask me who I am. You play with me.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Hello, I mean that picture, just like GE.
　　
　　〃〃Anything 1 will do: just follow God Ge. The Japanese don't believe in chance.
　　
　　Ace said he wanted white beard to be king. Did Japan want God Ge to be a saint? It was done according to God GE's face.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I hope Ge Chuanzhi Japan.
　　
　　〃Wuwei 1235: pigeon ＾wordofgod￣!
　　
　　〃〃Huang Yuzhi's red man: is God Ge really so divine.
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　Show me your ＾wordofgod￣s. Mother said she wouldn't eat until she finished reading it.
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣ first, ＾wordofgod￣ best.
　　
　　〃Anything 1 is OK: I don't know. Maybe it means to kill God Ge. It's not necessarily. Flying head is not a good thing.
　　
　　〃〃Huang Yuzhi's red man: Ge Shen will go to prison in the future.
　　
　　But his ＾wordofgod￣s will be joked by the world.
　　
　　〃Absolute Xu Fan: it's not a bad thing to be intimidated and fascinated by religion. Religion is all good on the surface. Christ pleads guilty and Buddhism repents. It's good to do a good job in moral strength.
　　
　　〃〃I zhange Sheshen: Ge God, Ge God, ride the world,
　　
　　God Ge, God Ge, omnipotent,
　　
　　God Ge, God Ge, the brain is as big as the door,
　　
　　God Ge, God Ge, I can't make it up.
　　
　　〃Qiyu: long live God Ge.
　　
　　Believe in God and have eternal life.
　　
　　Aiqiyu, become cute.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Ge Huaqian.
　　
　　〃Qiyu: Ge Hei is 100 years old.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Guangge is 500 years old.
　　
　　〃Huang Yuzhi's red man: a [＾wordofgod￣] goes all over the world.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: a [God net] net for the world.
　　
　　〃〃At 2:20210721, GE's three post bar numbers were born jvbao?
　　
　　20210728 song Yimin vision: manna from heaven.
　　
　　〃Yexue: the post bar has built two more Xu Jinglei numbers, both of which are cancelled, and the mobile phone is re registered.
　　
　　853. Saint Xu Jinglei: a set of [divine religion] an universe.
　　
　　〃Huang Yuzhi's red man: you can have a look at your brain.
　　
　　If you don't think it's a myth. That only proves. You have a problem.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: follow what you say.
　　
　　〃Huang Yuzhi's red man: it's brother years's fault. Sorry.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: many batches of Ge.
　　
　　〃Fengwu Jiutian drunk Taiping: take such a name, God is no longer God, not to mention that it is not enough to say God, let alone Scripture? Tu Zeng Xiao ER!
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: the word of God.
　　
　　God's Classics.
　　
　　〃The vast crowd 2: talk about the height of wangzhe. He Xie is only 1.73 meters. Gym wrote his own personal data, and his height is also 173cm
　　
　　854. The vast sea of people 2: talk about the original before Hoshin
　　
　　A noisy Shenji camp incident.
　　
　　In July 2010, as soon as the new work immortality, which the online writer dreamed of entering Shenji, came out, his fan group was Shenji camp. At this time, a person in Shenji camp wanted to buy the post bar with the same name in RMB. At that time, Yongsheng bar was controlled by GE Yimin and his vest (it was in 2006), so the two sides began to quarrel, As a result, hoshen asked 1500 yuan to agree to their request, but in the end he only got 1000 yuan. At that time, hoshen also shook out the evidence of buying Shenji camp, and said: "it was said that the three bar owners came to power for 1600 and 1700, but only 1000. I wanted 1500. No, they were unkind and I was unjust". Later, he Shen also wrote an article "the beginning of the fierce battle - the goal is not the eternal bar owner, but the magic machine, but the vertical and horizontal". In the next few years, Ge Hua (although all owned by him) has been brushing the screen of "vertical and horizontal boss \ dream into the magic machine".
　　
　　In those days, Zongheng Chinese network supported the people of Shenji camp to occupy immortality bar. For this purpose, the bid was as high as five digits. Hoshen wanted 1500, but Baima and others had to pay in installments. They didn't resign. He agreed. He gave 1000 and gave them the password of Ge Yimin. But at that time, they not only resigned Ge Yimin and replaced it with several numbers of Shenji camp, but also didn't give him the remaining 500. At this time, settle a matter by leaving it unsettled by the God camp. He didn't care about the 500. He heard the matter asking for 500 yuan. They didn't give it to him. Instead, he got dirty words. He got up. He heard that the whole QQ transaction page type record (bad PS) and Alipay transaction record were sent to the Internet, but it was still at last.
　　
　　This matter was also explained in the post "slap on the face: the past and present lives of the mentally ill song Yimin" of the sage bar in 2013:
　　
　　"Comrade Ge Yimin once served as the bar owner of eternal life bar with his Majia yexue, and was bought by Shenji camp at the price of 3000 yuan (he claimed to be a Christian at the beginning and was unwilling to make money transactions). As a result, because Ge Yimin's IQ was limited, he took out both bar owner numbers and passwords after taking a 1000 down payment. As a result, he was deceived, Then he changed his vest and blacked the black Shenji camp in different forums and major post bars for four years. It can be seen that he was deeply resentful and bored. "
　　
　　〃Yexue: it's been a long time. I have two chat records of bar owners. I wonder where you got this picture? I can't find it.
　　
　　In fact, the network comments on my information, whether true or false, I still included it into the ＾wordofgod￣.
　　
　　855. Fengwu Jiutian drunk peace: God has no classics and non classics
　　
　　Only people are self righteous and think that what they or others create is a classic. In the realm of God, everything is free, not good or bad, not good or evil, not beautiful or ugly. Everything is just right.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: ＾wordofgod￣s are the words of God.
　　
　　〃〃Wuwei 1235: Beauty: why do you hate Ge so much! Who is he? What did you do?
　　
　　〃I hope you regret it: Ge is a liar. What kind of bird is this surnamed Xu? Everyone pretends to be a man and a woman.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: what did Ge lie to you?
　　
　　〃Insect: Although there is nothing new about ＾wordofgod￣s, Mr. GE's sentence patterns are still quite cow. I laughed for the first time, hahaha.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: 900000 words.
　　
　　856. Inaction 1235: Ge Shen, a dreamer!
　　
　　Western cults! Just ignore it.
　　
　　〃Nine childe: together, can't you see?
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: he said it was a strange dream.
　　
　　I'm Ge Hei.
　　
　　〃I hope you regret it: he not only lied to me, but also lied to the majority of bar friends. He wrote Marx's book and Bible, then said it was his ＾wordofgod￣, lied everywhere that he was God, and now he has been sentenced as a cult by his local court.
　　
　　〃〃Fengwu Jiutian drunk Taiping: is it reasonable to have more words? Is it all right? If it's not absurd, it must be absurd!
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: have you seen ＾wordofgod￣s? I saw it.
　　
　　〃〃Wuwei 1235: I know! But don't black it! A visionary! The master has appeared! I'm afraid it's not even qualified to carry shoes and play chess.
　　
　　An expert has appeared! be extremely cruel and merciless! Take risks, absolutely! Don't stop until you reach your goal!
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: is that you?
　　
　　857. Nine childe: say a few words, you have to say what garbage net to search
　　
　　I've seen a lot of such trumpets in this post bar. Just tell me how much your salary is. It's worth selling your soul. In fact, the hell division spirit world clearly remembers it, but it doesn't interfere with it.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: No, we have eternal life.
　　
　　〃〃Wuwei 1235: a friend in watermelon! He's manipulating the world! Guide the joint survey of 25 million Internet users around the world.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: you believe it:)
　　
　　〃〃Wuwei 1235: don't believe it! Just like a gust of wind.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: that's all right. ＾wordofgod￣s still have content.
　　
　　〃〃Feng dance nine days drunk peace: people, follow the crowd! All beings have no knowledge, and all beings are also. What is ignorance? Liugen follows LIUCHEN's chase, laughing, scolding, grief and joy back and forth. But all scriptures are serious things. How can ge talk freely? There are so many things that all sentient beings have seen. Are they all right? Of course, Ben doesn't like to make judgments. You might as well send a few paragraphs to have a look.
　　
　　〃Limited life: ha ha positive solution.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: I can't find Ge Shen Internet cafe.
　　
　　〃〃Fengwu Jiutian drunk Taiping: no search! In fact, I once searched it and summarized it in four words. Since you agree, there are ways to send out screenshots, invert and rotate screenshots, make dynamic graphs, etc... I'm afraid your so-called identity can make people laugh if you guess correctly. This is not a good thing!
　　
　　If you have to talk about scriptures, you have to add diseases behind them in order to live up to the name.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: I went to HowNet.
　　
　　〃〃Fengwu Jiutian drunk Taiping: whatever his net is. Since you agree, even praise, you should send it out to share with you. Whether you can get everyone's approval is not up to you and me.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: you can't post it. You can only see it on the official website.
　　
　　858. The vast sea of people 2: in addition to the gymnasium, God once wrote a book
　　
　　Almost most of the Internet philosophy ideas are publicized on the Internet.
　　
　　〃Ye Xue: in the Internet age, when publishing a book, you just get the book number (regular publication) and the identity of a writer. No one buys physical books. Neural networks are also publishing e-books. Of course, the ＾wordofgod￣ is updated every day, and it is not suitable to print many physical books.
　　
　　For example, everyone on the Internet can write articles, but can't they all be regarded as writers? But when you publish a book, you are a writer.
　　
　　〃〃Everything is bright: don't tell me it's brother Yimin.
　　
　　A false look will never be Ge.. Ge Yimin is not worthy.
　　
　　〃Boundless crowd 2: did Ge Shen take the reading video from his mobile phone?
　　
　　〃〃Yexue: Yes, short videos are all mobile phones.
　　
　　〃Superman Xiao Ao: what about the ten books printed before?
　　
　　〃〃Yexue: I printed 7 copies (including 5 copies sent to the Hong Kong government for filing), and you gave me a set (version 2).
　　
　　859. Ryu: Jingchu elders a in the village appreciate the new cults most
　　
　　A neural chapter calling itself "God".
　　
　　〃Geyimin: Hello, Shangcun is looking for your comments on me to get nervous.
　　
　　〃〃Continuous acceleration shrimp: the mind is the highest.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: the most essential.
　　
　　〃〃Haomin: bastard!
　　
　　The punishment of killing nine families will never be justice!
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: first kill in history, who did it It's an old post I just posted online.
　　
　　I later argued that man's original sin is the dust body, so we should try spirituality.
　　
　　〃〃Haomin: / / God is a spirit. It is impossible for people. Everything can be done in God//
　　
　　Ridiculous!
　　
　　Cannot create eternal things, because once created, there is a beginning, and a beginning is not eternal Creating eternity is beyond man's reach
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: Yes, the creator is the only one.
　　
　　〃〃Manevil: private comes from hell. You are God, I am the devil, the hell messenger from hell, for the peaceful coexistence of heaven and hell.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: private comes from hell. It's a netizen ID.
　　
　　I don't recognize hell.
　　
　　860. Vast crowd 2: does God community and God forum support others to post now?
　　
　　〃Yexue: God forum, registration can post, and someone has posted. The forum section in the god community is the same, and the other god community can contribute. These two hosts are in GoDaddy, and I will renew them permanently.
　　
　　〃〃Dhahenry: it was impossible to land on the moon 300 years ago, but modern times are common sense. Therefore, whether these are created by God and whether God is created or not is not explained by whether they can be created or not. The problem doesn't exist at all. It's not a fact, it's not the truth, and it's not the most important. The most important thing is that what the Bible records is not necessarily what you understand. It has its meaning, and the meaning should be understood. Before the Bible, there were many gods, many fragmented scriptures that said that maybe it was the only way to avoid wasting everyone's time.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: Yang Zhenning denies the human God, but believes that there is a creator.
　　
　　〃〃Manevil: when you die, you know whether you are God or not.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: I will live forever.
　　
　　861. I think, is there a creator in this universe?
　　
　　If so, then the universe and human beings are meaningful; If not, just by chance, the universe and mankind have no meaning.
　　
　　〃The vast sea of people 2: some contents in the English version of Neurology
　　
　　1. Fake honey
　　
　　2. Reaching the world
　　
　　3. Sage of Ziwei - Lagerstroemia (the sage behind the gym doesn't seem to be recognized) or Lagerstroemia Saint (this seems to be roughly right)
　　
　　4. Black spray night boy
　　
　　5. Garbage white-collar workers - junk white-collar workers or garbage white-collar workers
　　
　　6. Ge God. You are so Jesus
　　
　　7. The monster Ge
　　
　　8. Yemei Sutra - Yemei Jing or Yemei Sutra
　　
　　〃〃Lapis_ YSJ: what machine turns English?
　　
　　〃The vast sea of people 2: the fairy can't speak English and won't spend money to find an interpreter. She just turned it over by machine. In addition, there were several translation software used by immortals in those years, Baidu, Youdao and Google.
　　
　　〃〃Yexue: of course I forgot about my English. Of course, at the general level, it is impossible to complete the neural translation of 900000 words.
　　
　　〃Goulash_ 3 musterbation waste man
　　
　　3. Many people like this concept. What does it mean, like Maitreya of the white lotus sect?
　　
　　〃〃Yexue: Ziwei sage - the modern savior in the prophecy.
　　
　　862. Sister Sheng Xue, why don't you create your own new religion
　　
　　I have been online for 20 years and have done this.
　　
　　〃〃Ryu: brother Bei Keqin a of ekjiang city has been "with Ge Yimin God forever" and "the kingdom of heaven is like a feast" in the "popular microblog" for several years. This is also fate.
　　
　　If there are many village men and women, there seems to be no elite who don't think so. They are calm, happy, detached, firm, indifferent, stand proudly and calm
　　
　　If you are definitely poked as a cult on the microblog of the motherland, is it possible?!
　　
　　〃Ge Shen: Hello, where did you see it? I've never seen my microblog. I haven't seen anyone reply.
　　
　　863. Flora: I have a question... Can religion be created?
　　
　　Does that mean God doesn't exist?
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: I think there is a God, but aren't so many traditional and emerging religions in the world created by people? All monotheistic religions believe that they are the revelation of the only true God (Lord), as well as polytheism and religions that do not recognize the creation of God.
　　
　　In addition, I think I am also divine enlightenment, that is, dreams and visions.
　　
　　〃Sheng Xue: there are thousands of roads in the world... Leading to the place of beauty and goodness... There is no need to add another path... People just love beauty and choose the good, with their hands together.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: you are right. You are already a banner. Although creating your own religion is also a kind of practice and belief, you have a more important mission, that is, our democratic China.
　　
　　〃〃Ryu: as long as someone rolls on the ground on the website, only the microblog has its own blowing and shouting ＾wordofgod￣s. Chapter OO heaven Book oo. The generation is over, the devil, beast and false prophet. God says the world should listen to it... Lao a is very happy with melon seeds and thinks that everyone is only looking at the head of the mang cult, "I really don't know the height of the earth", A brother HA is alluded to by the fixed end noise of the scabby boy.
　　
　　〃Geyimin: on the microblog, I'll find your comments on me to collect ＾wordofgod￣s. Thank you.
　　
　　〃〃Vast sea of people 2: ye Xue doesn't know whether she sees animation or not, but she can know that she knows the existence of animation.
　　
　　〃Yexue: I don't look.
　　
　　864. Truth: first of all, it is clear that a visa is never a natural human right
　　
　　Even if Congress decides not to issue visas to the Chinese, the United States will not violate any law, whether domestic or international.
　　
　　Now let's talk about why the spouses and children of sanctioned individuals can also refuse visas. Because the sanctioned individual is the main force of making money, the property obtained by the sanctioned individual by using his power will be used for the enjoyment of his spouse and children.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: "the property obtained by the sanctioned individual by using his power will be used for the enjoyment of his spouse and children". This is not inevitable. However, if the visa of spouse and children is affected, it is Zhulian. There are only CPC members whose children are affected by studying abroad. This is Zhulian.
　　
　　〃〃Truth: so far, ordinary Party members have not been affected by their own study abroad, and you have never heard of "children's study abroad affected". At present, only certain special Chinese government departments are not granted visas to personnel or children of those departments who have reached a certain level in accordance with the principle of diplomatic reciprocity. American law holds that if you are less than 21 years old, you are not a complete adult. Do you believe that you can earn money to go to the United States under 21 years old? There are 600 million people in China whose income is less than 1000 a month. The spouse said they could divorce. After 21 years, children can prove that they have legally obtained their own money, which can not be affected at all.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: why should a spouse divorce? Is everyone in the special department "using his power to get property that will be used for the enjoyment of his spouse and children"? What the United States makes clear is that a policy implemented by these personnel does not mention that "property obtained by using power will be used for the enjoyment of spouses and children". This is what you mentioned. Obviously, you can't represent the United States government. The United States implements a policy with Chinese officials, which affects the spouse visa. Even if the officials do not embezzle and accept bribes, even if the spouse does not use the official money, what is this?
　　
　　As for the children of non officials, they can get visas. Do they earn their own money? Here are two points:
　　
　　1. Those who can get visas are parents' money, including other officials. Among them, there are corrupt officials, which are still not restricted by the United States;
　　
　　2. Such officials have normal income, no corruption, and their children are still restricted by the United States.
　　
　　It can be seen that what the United States restricts is the crime it considers (a policy implemented by such officials), which has nothing to do with the source of children's income. What is this not?
　　
　　〃〃Truth: the so-called marriage means that both parties jointly own property, which is regarded as one at some legal levels. Marriage creates a new family as a unit; Otherwise, why should people get married instead of just falling in love; And you've heard of anti marriage feminism. You haven't said anti love; Marriage and love are fundamentally different.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: my lover is not corrupt. My family is a normal income. Because my lover has implemented a certain policy, my visa to the United States is limited. This is obviously a connected problem. I'm going to divorce. What's the reason for divorce?
　　
　　My main post is about Zhulian people.
　　
　　865. Little Titan 80: not many people still insist so far
　　
　　Ge Dashen can go to your "Saint" Xu Jinglei ha. Jiujiang's physics brother has not found his own * Lu ran. Unfortunately, it's a pity that there are only three of us who have written books and are still active. Are there any other brothers like him?!
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: have you remarried?
　　
　　〃〃Little Titan 80: not yet. But if it goes on like this, it won't be too far.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: let's fix a final date for remarriage.
　　
　　〃〃Little Titan 80: in fact, I quite admire you. For more than ten years, I have been sticking to YY. And more than that, I plan to stick to 2033. I admire it!
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: your next stop loss date?
　　
　　〃〃The vast sea of people 2: the topic of Ziwei saints was discussed fiercely. Ge Ge accidentally found him among the top ten saints in Yemei community in 2006, so he took the initiative to enter the circle.
　　
　　〃Ye Xue: I first met the sage crape myrtle in a forum, and then saw me in the top ten on the Internet.
　　
　　866. Brother Zi comes: it's gerby. I hate gerby most
　　
　　What's the matter with the * * house? Were you guys swept up some time ago?
　　
　　〃Yao Shangrong 2: Ge Huage God, over time, you will find that they are actually cute.
　　
　　〃〃Here comes brother Zi: I hate gerby most. He looks like shit one by one and feels as beautiful as flowers. lovely? You'd better study their ideas carefully and draw a conclusion.
　　
　　〃Yao Shangrong 2: I was just like you when I was a novice. Wait until you find out the water depth of the holy bar and see the bottom!
　　
　　〃〃Brother Zi is here: do you know that these Gebi are just thugs? The kind that works with money.
　　
　　Do you know who their boss is?
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: who gives the money?
　　
　　〃〃April crape myrtle Emperor: the world does not recognize you ge. You ge benlong have nothing to do with the innate family of the great light God of the universe!
　　
　　867. Truth: first of all, we should understand what sanctions are.
　　
　　That is to prohibit any person from funding an entity or individual, and refuse any person to accept the funding of the individual or entity. For example, the United States sanctions Huawei. No Western supplier should supply Huawei. American government departments also refuse to use Huawei and will not accept Huawei's subsidies.
　　
　　Then understand what Zhulian is. I think what you are talking about is "asking one person to be punished for another just because of blood relationship"; Then the relationship is not only blood, there are many kinds of relationships; If you accept punishment because of other relationships, is it a connection? For example, punish leaders for their mistakes; Recover from the guarantor because the debtor cannot pay the money. The above example shows that punishment for relationship is not connected. Association refers specifically to punishment caused by blood relationship.
　　
　　However, for the immediate family, although it is the immediate family composed of blood, there are many direct relationships, such as economic relationships. As long as children use the money of the sanctioned individual, they will also be sanctioned, no matter how the money is obtained. It's also very simple to get rid of the relationship. After 21 years, you make a statement to break away from any relationship. If you prove that the source of funds is not your parents, there will be no problem. If you don't understand, let's do another thought experiment. Suppose an official of Communist China a gave birth to B, then B was adopted by the British, and a adopted white C born in the United States. Who will the United States refuse to issue visas to when it sanctions a? Is this related by blood?
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: your first paragraph of "sanctions" has nothing to do with what I said about Zhulian.
　　
　　Leaders are responsible for their opponents, not companies.
　　
　　When the guarantor guarantees, the liability exists, not connected.
　　
　　- "association" refers specifically to punishment caused by blood relationship. "-
　　
　　Isn't that what I said?
　　
　　"Children's economic relationship". Non sanctions officials and others also have this problem, but the children's visa is not restricted, but only the children of sanctions officials are restricted. It can be seen that it has nothing to do with "children's economic relationship". It restricts you only because you are his children, which is Zhulian.
　　
　　ABC, have you considered your economic relationship? Only consider whose children you are now, this is Zhulian.
　　
　　You should not advise the US side on its policies. The US side is very simple:
　　
　　At noon on May 12, U.S. Secretary of state Abraham Lincoln said at a press conference: "today, I announced that according to article 7031 (c) of the foreign operations and related plan appropriation act of 2021, Yu Hui, former director of the general office of Sichuan Province, was found to have seriously violated... Yu Hui and his immediate family members are not eligible to enter the United States."
　　
　　He did not investigate whether Yu Hui was corrupt, did not investigate the economic relations of Yu Hui's immediate relatives, and did not ask whether Yu Hui's children had reached the age of 21.
　　
　　868. Brother Baima: I don't know what happened to the legendary god Ge
　　
　　I didn't pay attention to him, although he is very famous in the post bar.
　　
　　〃Qiyu: God Ge doesn't know. It's too low.
　　
　　〃〃Brother Baima: I only know one of his famous words. If you don't believe it, you won't do anything. Ha ha, I don't know anything else.
　　
　　〃Qiyu: he's an old man.
　　
　　I think he wants to drive.
　　
　　〃〃Brother Baima: I know that, but I don't know what he preaches.
　　
　　〃Qiyu: Well, he is serious and funny. He takes Christ's head PS as his. He is very serious in preaching every day. Many people don't believe in that kind of preaching. I asked him, aren't you afraid of people's opposition? He said that he regards those people's opposition as support. This mentality is very good. He is in his 50s. No matter what he does, as long as he doesn't hinder others from doing what they are willing to do, An uncle who feels very cute.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: 900000 words ＾wordofgod￣.
　　
　　With Pueraria.
　　
　　I'm a smooth hammer. Who's tiger thorn plum?
　　
　　〃Can't forget her stone: don't you have Ge Xie.
　　
　　〃〃Qiyu: Yes, yes, you have Ge Shen.
　　
　　I also think God Ge is more like him, but I don't want to bear the pot when he is in danger.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Ge yes! mission!
　　
　　〃〃Paul Gerber 2021-8-16 21:12:03
　　
　　What is Mullah
　　
　　Ge Yimin 2021-8-16 21:14:21
　　
　　Mullahs are Iraqi clergy
　　
　　Paul Gerber 2021-8-16 21:15:02
　　
　　Are you a muslim?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 21:18:57, August 16, 2021
　　
　　I am God
　　
　　Paul Ge 2021-8-16 21:21:11
　　
　　Muslim God?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 21:22:54, August 16, 2021
　　
　　Everyone, I'm independent, God
　　
　　869. Qiyu: Uh huh, I'm between Guangge and Gehua.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: you also know Guangge. There are 8 QQ groups. Wechat groups dare not develop and are afraid to seal wechat signals. That's trouble.
　　
　　〃〃White horse brother: wrote 900000 words? God Ge is really free.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: 200000 words in the first 26 chapters of Canon and 700000 words in Chapter 27 of Cijing (comments by netizens).
　　
　　I've been writing for 20 years.
　　
　　〃〃White horse brother: have you seen it? How's it going?
　　
　　〃Clattering: God Ge is detached from words. He plays with words and reaps his head between his hands, which is more cruel than Zen's non-existent words.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: have you read neurology? brother
　　
　　Only ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　〃Boundless crowd 2: according to my experience of being swept away by the wind, we can try to let him discuss some people who have not returned, such as plastic products (my old number is suspected to be owned jvbao by GE hei and Bai Yunsheng), aunt Shujuan (seems to be one of the reasons for being swept away by the wind). Of course, it is unknown whether Yun Jie knows them or not, and whether he reads the message is unknown. Then we can take this opportunity to visit his live studio, After all, the influence of non returnees is much greater than slandering others.
　　
　　〃〃Polar Hawaii: gym is not qualified enough. I often see a guy named Ge Yimin in the live studio, but there is no bamboo shoots in the live studio.
　　
　　〃The vast crowd 2: Yunjie should be allowed to discuss these things. There is a yexue in my old comment area, and Fage dynamics will be exposed to the wind. It may be possible for Yunjie to comment gym. Aunt and gym are one treatment at all, but aunt is not in China and has no number.
　　
　　〃〃Yexue: Ge hei and Bai Yunsheng only post bar, and will not report you at station B. Yunjie knows me. It's recorded that he said that I and alone have the ability to post bar to persecute him. He is also in my bean B valve ＾wordofgod￣ group.
　　
　　My yexue station B itself is all right. Of course it's all right in your comment area, as long as you don't take ge Yimin himself.
　　
　　870. Little Titan 80: great God Ge, you use Xu Jinglei so blatantly
　　
　　Is your name hanging on your internet name to show that you are brave and fearless for love, or what else?!
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Xu Jinglei's domain name kaila.com.cn belongs to me. There are 35 days to resolve.
　　
　　I only love Xu Jinglei in this life.
　　
　　In the name of a star, I've been working for nearly 10 years.
　　
　　〃〃Wolf shepherd Xiaojie: Bai Yunsheng said that he did it when wechat and B got involved in Ge numbers.
　　
　　Ye Xue: my WeChat and 2 official account numbers are all normal. Station B's Tuba has been closed long ago. It's the name of "Ge Yimin". The trumpet yexue (this number) is normal. He's not young.
　　
　　You are the aunt who should have been sent. You have openly rebelled and are hostile. And I'm at home, turn the cultural direction, it's okay.
　　
　　871. Yiyin mountain man: expose the true face of Ge evil god!
　　
　　Sage Ge, Grandpa asked you, how many good women have you cheated? You are really good at cheating girls with sweet words! Grandpa admire! Do it yourself? How many women did you play? Demon upper body! Everything you call sage is for your lust! Don't say you are for the great vision of mankind and the happiness of the people!
　　
　　Your desire for the flesh betrays everything you have! Shameless thing! You think you can deceive the world with your God! A liar is a liar after all! Justice may be late, but it will never be absent!
　　
　　Ge Gou, Grandpa points out a bright way for you! For the dignity of men, please go to the palace on the spot! thank you!
　　
　　〃Zejing: Ge Xie, you can't live without women.
　　
　　Leave a woman and he will die. He also wants to steal other people's things and cheat others' things. The sun and the moon can learn from each other.
　　
　　What they say and do is that they have given birth to so many children. Don't their children recognize them?
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: no wonder! I almost got cheated! This man deceives a woman to have a hand!
　　
　　〃Zejing: how many times do you have to talk about a love affair? The spare tire should be ready and can't be interrupted.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: but one's nature can't be hidden! No matter how deep a person's moral cultivation is, he will not cheat! Ha ha ha ~ ~
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: are you both women? 20, plus you two 22:)
　　
　　〃〃Oak: to tell you the truth, Ge Shen wrote Fu at the age of 8 and old style poetry at the age of 11.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Great Wall Fu, ha ha.
　　
　　872. Finalseer: cut off the people, cut off, have no children, no grandchildren, no love, no righteousness
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: cutting ant people, great trial.
　　
　　20331126 world Datong.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ Aj5veyu: are you a time walker?
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Yes, 2013 dream.
　　
　　The person you're looking for is ge.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: I repeat, Ge is a fake! Do I have to repeat it ten thousand times!
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: How did you see through? Take us out of the pit.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: continue to be GE's dog leg! Don't go out of the pit. It's still fun in the pit. Play as you want. Learn from Wu Yifan! Ge Gou is the second generation of Wu Yifan! Just not famous! The number of women cheated by GE dog is estimated to be more or less!
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: report quickly, Ge sleeps my powder:)
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: lying trough! You're sleeping! It seems that you are really pink! Well, if you love me, carry more karma and return it in the afterlife! It's no big deal!
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Fan welfare!!!
　　
　　20331126 eternal life, Mao afterlife.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: I'm a fish, easy to catch! The hook found that the master was a bad thing. In the twinkling of an eye, he bit off the erbium thread and ran away! Because I know the sea is my home! thank you!
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: How did Ge hook you? Tell me.
　　
　　873. Hope you regret it: the person talking to you is the trumpet of Ge liar
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: I know! thank you!
　　
　　Grandpa took the bait himself! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ~ ~
　　
　　good job! You go on! Play more! God must let the wicked be full of evil! Direct processing! you'll see!
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Jiage wechat and wechat group? Send photos?
　　
　　When? Ge 20331126 king!
　　
　　〃Post bar users_ Aj5veyu: what is "2013 dream"?
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Book of neurological visions I 29 C 20131126 dreams: the demise of the political party 20 years later (2033). In a harmonious Communist society, human beings manage peacefully and mutually, and there is no need for a dictatorship party.
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: Ge Xiaohao, can't wait to go to hell!
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: 20331126 Ge is the king and manages you.
　　
　　874. Manevil: if Ge Yimin dies, is Ge Yimin not a God?
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: I will live forever.
　　
　　〃〃Little Titan 80: Lao Ge, what's your plan to go out of the mountain?! What do you think? You'll go to 2033.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: ＾wordofgod￣ I 29, 20131126 dream: the political party will perish 20 years later (2033). In a harmonious Communist society, human beings manage peacefully and mutually, and there is no need for a dictatorship party.
　　
　　〃〃Little Titan 80: has Lao Ge ever been in the bureau?
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: just summoning.
　　
　　〃〃Little Titan 80: Oh, that's OK. It shouldn't have any impact on work and life?!
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: no effect.
　　
　　〃〃Little Titan 80: do any of your friends, colleagues and relatives know that you are "holy"?!
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: I've seen a short video of my circle of friends or Shenwang. I know that. You don't necessarily know the term "holy".
　　
　　875. Post bar users_ Gswada2: God Ge is stupid. Come on, everyone
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: there are ＾wordofgod￣s and divine nets.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ 5by2cw5: Sheng's female post accidentally turned to this anti-counterfeiting post, saying that Lao Ge, who is a refined person, has not studied metaphysics, but I still wish the paste friends surrounded by these people a happy birthday today. I have no money and no power now. Ha, I want to talk about who these old Ge refined people are. Ha, I am 21 working as an e-commerce customer service in Shenzhen.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Ge is God
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: I heard that GE gouxie was very popular in Baidu Post Bar and had a great influence! Since let Grandpa catch the evidence of his evil doing! Be sure to expose it for your friends to see clearly! Don't be fooled again! thank you!
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: what a good girl. I saw PI Ge again.
　　
　　〃〃Yao Shangrong 2: only Ge Hua!
　　
　　〃Appointment 2021: I just came here and haven't figured out who is Ge Hua and who is Ge Shen. I'll listen to you.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: soge God Network
　　
　　876. Appointment 2021: How did you find all the negative news?
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: only the strong become the target of public criticism.
　　
　　Call God, who will obey?
　　
　　Who thinks he's three levels lower than God Ge?
　　
　　〃〃Appointment 2021: what about others? Call them God! I want to see it!
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: it's on Ge Shenwang.
　　
　　〃〃Manevil: will you perform the undead function on that day?
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: gain immortality.
　　
　　〃〃Ride the crazy wave 66: be careful to be brainwashed. There is another Pueraria flower.
　　
　　〃Meet 2021: see.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: it's all right to see. I believe in my judgment.
　　
　　〃Crape myrtle emperor Sanhong: your Ge flower.
　　
　　〃〃Datong War: support God net to subdue God.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: 20331126
　　
　　〃〃Datong's War: it's scheduled to finish the book of Siyi retranslation sent by God net God on that day.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: well said, the neural network has long been established and is being updated.
　　
　　877. The vast sea of people: unknowingly, the treatment of a historian is much higher than that of the hoyi people
　　
　　Aunt and Lu's real names are blocked all over the network, so is Ge, and Hu hasn't.
　　
　　My aunt's agent couldn't find the result, so did the pseudonym. Ge doesn't have this treatment.
　　
　　On Baidu, I can't find any other words in my aunt's real name. I can find it by adding a God after GE's real name.
　　
　　〃Deyang Lijuan: aunt in foreign countries, public rebellion, has become a hostile person; I'm in China and turn to culture. She's against my spear.
　　
　　〃Wolf shepherd Xiaojie: half of the deleted dynamics of my old number is yours, and you said you were okay, but I strolled around and pushed you. I'm afraid it's blind self-confidence.
　　
　　〃〃Yexue: I push. Guoan knows. He asked me for the password. He didn't let me not push.
　　
　　〃The vast crowd 2: maybe some people don't know Ge hei and Bai Yunsheng. This Bai Yunsheng is the old Ge Hei on the post bar. He has been chasing the God of songs. What this person is good at is reporting. When the three vest numbers of God of songs were recently sealed, Bai Yunsheng also posted to show off his achievements. At present, he only knows his post bar number. The man seems a little out of his mind.
　　
　　〃〃Yexue: this person tried to sell my information and let netizens give him 50000, so he worked tirelessly. I posted this picture.
　　
　　〃The vast sea of people 2: the process of the original event can be seen in the "Ge Hei" in the comments of neuronetizens.
　　
　　〃〃Yexue: I can't post the above picture. He sent me a message and asked netizens to give him 50000.
　　
　　〃Datong's War: if ＾wordofgod￣ is the book of God, why wait until 20331126
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: ＾wordofgod￣ 13, 20191001, Ge Yimin becomes a God.
　　
　　14. From 2019 to 2033, Ge Yimin's Gospel spread all over the world and was accepted by the world.
　　
　　15. 20331126, Great Harmony in the world.
　　
　　878. War of Datong: Fourteen steps of ＾wordofgod￣
　　
　　Bu, Bu, Sheng, lotus, open a black lotus.
　　
　　Ge Hua, do you know that the date of the girl's birthday is 1126?
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: who is the girl of love robbery? Is that you?
　　
　　〃〃Manevil: how are you going to show that you have immortality?
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: the attribute of eternal life is from dust to spirituality. It shows that God reveals to everyone C "I am God, you should listen to him (GE Yimin)."
　　
　　〃〃Datong's War: love robbing girl is the daughter of the outside world of Ziwei star. You will see the complete story of love robbing girl in Zisheng section of Shenwang forum.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: so you are looking at the moon.
　　
　　〃〃Datong War: No, I'm the protagonist of Datong war.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: how do you know god forum?
　　
　　〃〃Datong's War: the moon watching wolf told me.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: ha ha, his masterpiece.
　　
　　〃〃Datong's War: so big that you can't understand the cosmic scale?
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: no ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　879. Manevil: is there a spiritual body after eternal life?
　　
　　Does your body have eternal life?
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: it is the eternal life of the body.
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣ 6 14. The body is still the body, and the soul is still the soul. Only those who belong to dust regard the body as the first and the soul as the second; Spiritual people put the soul first and the body second.
　　
　　〃〃Yao Shangrong 2: only Ge Hua.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Guang Ge Zhisan.
　　
　　〃〃Soshhh04: even if crape myrtle really exists, how to authenticate him?
　　
　　〃Jinglei Kaila: achievement, influence, neural network.
　　
　　〃〃Hjmchouse1: still holding the cock's smelly feet.
　　
　　〃〃No one in the wild Ferry: go, my garlic divination depends on ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　〃Manevil: how do you prove that you have physical immortality?
　　
　　〃〃Ge Yimin: no longer aging.
　　
　　〃Quiet night -: who is the saint in the bar?
　　
　　〃〃Everything is empty 877: Ge yinamin.
　　
　　880. Garbal: why don't you say you are a Muslim?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 21:27:27
　　
　　No
　　
　　Ge Paul 21:27:50
　　
　　People say you're some kind of Muslim
　　
　　Ge Yimin 21:28:26
　　
　　Where?
　　
　　Paul Gerber 21:34:05
　　
　　B friend
　　
　　Ge Yimin 21:34:24
　　
　　I'm not. I have no ＾wordofgod￣s
　　
　　Ge Paul 21:36:56
　　
　　They say you look like
　　
　　Ge Yimin 21:37:22
　　
　　What's the image? If you see it later, send a link
　　
　　Ge Paul 21:40:00
　　
　　For example, you criticize Jesus as a teacher
　　
　　Ge Yimin 21:40:36
　　
　　Same point of view. Do you have research
　　
　　Ge Paul 21:41:08
　　
　　Your neural format is also a bit like the Koran
　　
　　Paul Gerber 21:41:19
　　
　　Slogans such as GE shenzhida are also a little similar
　　
　　Ge Yimin 21:42:14
　　
　　Read the Koran through.
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣ chapters, from the Bible, are easy to quote and check
　　
　　Paul Gerber 21:42:28
　　
　　Read more 2
　　
　　Paul Gerber 21:42:35
　　
　　Absorb cash YSL religious ideas
　　
　　Ge Yimin 21:42:45
　　
　　Slogans learn some Iraqi religion, and all ideas are inherited
　　
　　Paul Gerber 21:44:10
　　
　　good
　　
　　〃〃The name is six words: Although I don't know god Ge, it's not difficult to find that God Ge is not bad. God Ge is the same as most people here, but God Ge is more daring to say and do. For this reason, it is also expected to suffer group attacks.
　　
　　Are you really as bad as people's words?
　　
　　〃Kaila: the strong become the enemy of the arrows. envy.
　　
　　〃〃The vast sea of people 2: the Ge Shen family had a very harmonious life in the 1990s.
　　
　　〃Yexue: there was no Internet at that time. I was the king of ballroom dancing. My dancing partners, are they safe?
　　
　　881. Paul Gerber: I study ＾wordofgod￣s every day
　　
　　I visit the neural network more than ten times a day
　　
　　Ge Yimin 2021-8-26 8:37:22
　　
　　Worthy of an apostle.
　　
　　Paul Ge 2021-8-26 8:39:35
　　
　　I've seen the first ten stanzas very well
　　
　　Ge Yimin 2021-8-26 8:40:49
　　
　　I am a mobile phone TXT. I read it every day. It's fun.
　　
　　Paul Ge 2021-8-26 8:41:19
　　
　　Txt boring, or get a book, or computer PDF
　　
　　Paul Ge 2021-8-26 8:41:22
　　
　　Have taste
　　
　　There are many essences in the neural network.
　　
　　Ge Yimin 9:03:43, August 26, 2021
　　
　　Txt, with Jinshan WPS, convenient
　　
　　〃Superman Xiao Ao: I heard you pay others to dance ＾wordofgod￣ dance?
　　
　　〃〃Yexue: at that time, we danced without paying. We invited people everywhere in the ballroom.
　　
　　Leng Xue, the most beautiful Chinese girl in the ＾wordofgod￣, went to the dance hall (gymnasium) in the morning. The tickets were sold out. I just had a monthly ticket for my unit, let her in, then danced with her, and finally went to my dormitory. She cooked potato, we ate it and gave her coffee. Wang Rong was jealous.
　　
　　882. Vast sea of people 2: the clothes in Yemei's live broadcast are similar
　　
　　Only in the short video can we change clothes every few issues.
　　
　　Yemei is wearing glasses.
　　
　　〃Yexue: I have less winter clothes and more summer clothes.
　　
　　〃〃Ying yuanlei: don't make a noise. God is reading ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　〃Timeytfd: when you become a bar owner, will you return to the past, send ＾wordofgod￣ posts, talk about saints and discuss Ge.
　　
　　Will you influence some readers in the eternal life bar when you come to power.
　　
　　883. Manevil: do you want to eat and drink after eternal life?
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: eating and drinking, but the tube is no longer aging.
　　
　　〃〃The vast crowd 2: the old Ge Hei baiyunsheng on the post bar asked gym if he had been vaccinated. Gym said no. baiyunsheng asked, "why don't you vaccinate? Respond to the call", then said "you may not be able to strengthen the needle", and gym responded that "it's voluntary".
　　
　　〃Jesse: does God still fight? I created it.
　　
　　〃〃Vast sea of people 2: are you working at home or outside. You mean you created the virus or the vaccine.
　　
　　〃Superman Xiao Ao: God Ge said he had a plague years ago.
　　
　　〃〃Yexue: unit work, can't say, no comment:)
　　
　　〃Paul Gerber 21:52:22
　　
　　Plague you made?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 21:52:43
　　
　　hear nothing of
　　
　　Paul Gerber 21:54:11
　　
　　Headquarters, say you did it
　　
　　Ge Yimin 21:54:29
　　
　　Link?
　　
　　Ge Paul 21:54:43
　　
　　Before
　　
　　Ge Yimin 21:55:06
　　
　　good
　　
　　884. The vast sea of people 2: do you say that the world will still use GE God's wisdom after all?
　　
　　〃Yexue: ＾wordofgod￣ 27 (3) 803. The party and the government have finally used Ge Shen's wisdom - two major
　　
　　(Chapter 18 socialized production and Internet revolution)
　　
　　http://ygb.zuel.edu.cn/2018/1225/c167a207483/page.htm
　　
　　Under the environment of socialized production and Internet revolution, people's learning, life and thinking mode are increasingly influenced and changed by new media. New media has also become the main information channel for college groups to understand the external world.
　　
　　〃〃Brother Baima: are you a fan of Ge?
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi, Yi Fei: I'm Ge Hei.
　　
　　〃〃White horse brother: Oh, I can't understand whether Ge is good or bad.
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: search Ge Shen net.
　　
　　A neuroticism saves the world.
　　
　　〃〃Feng dance nine days drunk peace: save the world? The world cannot be saved, nor does it need to be saved. Once anyone moves this idea, there will be corpses everywhere, which is really a sin. At the same time, just changed the city master, the past still exists, just changed the position and experienced by different people.
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: Ge is saving, 20331126 world Datong.
　　
　　885. Chuang Zhai: you are God, and I will listen to you.
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi, Yi Fei: I'm Ge Hei.
　　
　　〃Waste product: why black him?
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi, Yi Fei: Mu Xiu Yu Lin.
　　
　　〃Junk: I feel like you're praising him.
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: people are afraid of being famous.
　　
　　〃The vast sea of people 2: the god community has seen the comments. Do you think God GE's wisdom contains everything and is omnipotent? Is it interesting to talk about?
　　
　　〃〃Yexue: it doesn't include all things, mainly at the level of faith. It's true that I enjoy talking about it. I'm nervous and interesting every day.
　　
　　886. Qqqxxbhkk: St. Jerome went online in March 2001
　　
　　According to his personal website, the earliest article that can be found is a post on a Christian Forum in September 2001. Since then
　　
　　In many Christian forums (now in a Christian Forum, you can even find the critical post on Jeme in 2003). The original JEME sutra was written only in December 2004.
　　
　　In addition, this senior Ge Hei baiyunsheng may not be able to get along well with GE. He is also a prodigy. Maybe criticizing Ge Fage is just peer competition.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: I went online in March 2001 and posted on portal forums such as Sina, Sohu, Netease and Yahoo China
　　
　　When I was surfing the Internet in an Internet cafe, I wrote articles at home, and then typed and posted in an Internet cafe. I knew that word could copy and paste posts. At first, I didn't know that a website could also type words once. Of course, these forums are closed and the posts are gone.
　　
　　Bai Yunsheng persevered in doing Ge Hei, mainly trying to sell my information to netizens in an attempt to get 50000 yuan.
　　
　　〃〃Hey, hey, crape myrtle sage, is it male or female
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: male Ge.
　　
　　〃〃Hey, hey: does he play the post bar? Do you know his online name?
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: search Ge Shenwang.
　　
　　Some people say you are pro China
　　
　　Ge Yimin 12:25:46, September 4, 2021
　　
　　Link?
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021-9-4 12:25:53
　　
　　Orphan exhibition hall
　　
　　Ge Yimin
　　
　　Google search
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021-9-4 12:26:59
　　
　　Our religious position is pro China, right? I think it's on my ＾wordofgod￣s
　　
　　Ge Yimin 2021-9-4 12:27:12
　　
　　No, the world
　　
　　Ge Paul 12:27:30, September 4, 2021
　　
　　Your ＾wordofgod￣ says defeat the western countries
　　
　　Ge Yimin 12:28:25, September 4, 2021
　　
　　This is a high school dream
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021-9-4 12:28:59
　　
　　Then someone treats you as a pro China
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021-9-4 12:33:06
　　
　　The next time people say we are bandits and spies, how should we respond?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 2021-9-4 12:51:38
　　
　　We are the children of the world
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021-9-4 12:56:39
　　
　　OK, why don't you explain to the orphan exhibition that we're not fifty cents?
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021-9-4 13:00:11
　　
　　This group is hostile to you
　　
　　They say you're a stick
　　
　　Ge Yimin 2021-9-4 13:02:05
　　
　　can't
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021-9-4 13:04:38
　　
　　I just added it
　　
　　Ge Yimin 2021-9-4 13:05:22
　　
　　Copy a sentence
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021-9-4 13:06:15
　　
　　Just repeat the ＾wordofgod￣, okay
　　
　　Ge Yimin 14:51:09
　　
　　I am a communist. Communism is more important than Christianity. The exhibition hall thinks I am pro China.
　　
　　888. Manevil: besides making stories, what have you done this year?
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: preach the gospel.
　　
　　〃〃The vast crowd 2: Bai Yunsheng's attempt to sell 50000 singers is only one reason for his approval of songs. Bai Yunsheng often plays trumpets in the saint's bar and swindles everywhere.
　　
　　〃Yexue: I haven't seen him called holy, nor his original articles.
　　
　　〃〃Mortal ww60: why does everyone think that saints must experience suffering?
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: because of GE's trial.
　　
　　〃〃Manevil: but there are no miracles and no great impact on the world.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: miracles are the book of neurological visions. My time hasn't come yet. 20331126
　　
　　889. Paul geppel: how much higher are theologians than Christians and Muslims?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 2021 / 9 / 5 20:53:35
　　
　　Second floor
　　
　　Ge Paul 21:15:20
　　
　　I thought it was the third floor
　　
　　Ge Yimin 21:18:14
　　
　　I'm on the third floor
　　
　　Paul Gerber 21:22:33
　　
　　Are all gods?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 21:24:48
　　
　　Honor and worship together
　　
　　Paul Gerber 21:40:39
　　
　　Theologians are two levels higher than Christians and Muslims and one level higher than humans.
　　
　　Ge Yimin 21:41:45
　　
　　Gods are one level higher than Christians and Muslims, and two levels higher than humans.
　　
　　Paul Gerber 21:42:22
　　
　　OK, forward it to the group to become a new holy word
　　
　　890. Paul Gerber: others rumored that you were engaged in the Fujian movement, turning you into a great God passively
　　
　　Ge Yimin 15:57:31, September 7, 2021
　　
　　Link?
　　
　　Gerpaul 2021 / 9 / 7 15:57:48
　　
　　I mean, after the condiment thing
　　
　　Paul Gerber 2021 / 9 / 7 15:58:05
　　
　　From fifty cents to a victim
　　
　　Ge Yimin 15:58:30, September 7, 2021
　　
　　It is Zhu Xi of the people's front who pushed up the snow of mutual relations
　　
　　Paul Gerber 2021 / 9 / 7 15:58:54
　　
　　What do you think? People think you're either fifty cents or sick
　　
　　Ge Yimin 2021 / 9 / 7 15:59:38
　　
　　Fifty cents refers to my Communists. My ＾wordofgod￣s have been made clear.
　　
　　Paul Gerber 2021 / 9 / 7 15:59:55
　　
　　So you think you're a singer?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 16:00:09 on September 7, 2021
　　
　　Yeah
　　
　　Ge Yimin 16:00:26, September 7, 2021
　　
　　I want to build a communist society
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021 / 9 / 7 16:00:38
　　
　　Your suit coincides with the cat's suit. Others don't like you very much. As for Ge Hua, I don't touch politics
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021 / 9 / 7 16:01:10
　　
　　But after the Pinke thing happened, others took you as a great God
　　
　　Ge Yimin 16:01:23, September 7, 2021
　　
　　Where did you become a great God?
　　
　　Paul Gerber 2021 / 9 / 7 16:01:59
　　
　　Some tweeters think you are persecuted by TG
　　
　　Ge Yimin 16:02:25, September 7, 2021
　　
　　It's persecution, subpoena
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021 / 9 / 7 16:02:40
　　
　　But someone pretended to be you first
　　
　　Ge Yimin 16:03:35, September 7, 2021
　　
　　In the past, the main idea, the pretender, just scolded the mysterious man for being ugly, and there was no substance.
　　
　　Gerpaul 2021 / 9 / 7 16:03:55
　　
　　In fact, as long as you don't touch it, everything else is fine
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021 / 9 / 7 16:04:32
　　
　　If you turn over outside the wall, take you as a psychosis. It's an active repulsive force. It's unlikely to be stared at
　　
　　Ge Yimin 16:04:44 on September 7, 2021
　　
　　Don't rush the tower, do the website, will wall domain name, no strategy.
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021 / 9 / 7 16:05:29
　　
　　I still remember your saying that you scolded the bar master of Shijian bar. It was regarded as touching, which made you seal it off
　　
　　Ge Yimin 16:05:50 on September 7, 2021
　　
　　Those who turn around are anti communism. I am a communist and of course I don't want to see them.
　　
　　Ge Yimin 16:06:22, September 7, 2021
　　
　　What sentence?
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021 / 9 / 7 16:07:16
　　
　　The authorities don't want to see you, but you didn't really act. You're also a bourgeois. I think you're just talking
　　
　　Tu baozi
　　
　　Ge Yimin 16:07:51 on September 7, 2021
　　
　　No organization, it's okay.
　　
　　Paul Gerber 2021 / 9 / 7 16:08:14
　　
　　Yeah, but if you're fake, you'll be organized
　　
　　Ge Yimin 16:10:00 on September 7, 2021
　　
　　I use my cell phone and don't contact anyone
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021 / 9 / 7 16:10:26
　　
　　That's really the first element, if nothing else
　　
　　Ge Yimin 2021 / 9 / 7 16:11:57
　　
　　Push it and don't reply to others, only interact with Sheng Xue's life post.
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021 / 9 / 7 16:12:43
　　
　　good
　　
　　Ge Yimin 16:12:51 on September 7, 2021
　　
　　Don't contact anyone in private, just pass the ＾wordofgod￣.
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021 / 9 / 7 16:12:57
　　
　　yes
　　
　　Ge Yimin 16:14:07, September 7, 2021
　　
　　Zhang Xianzhong opposes communism. I'm a communist and don't contact me.
　　
　　Ge Yimin 16:17:16 on September 7, 2021
　　
　　Around September 23, kaila.com.cn will have traffic if it can be parsed.
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021 / 9 / 7 16:20:57
　　
　　What domain name
　　
　　Ge Yimin 16:21:41 on September 7, 2021
　　
　　Xu Jinglei's opening (Kayla)
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021 / 9 / 7 16:25:32
　　
　　good
　　
　　891. [apostle] Paul: whoever it is, what position it is
　　
　　Those who stop God Ge from preaching will die!
　　
　　〃〃Jinglei opened Kaila: landlord, great talent, make up a poem for GE Shen.
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: praise! Didn't you say "leave the song of Brahma Buddha" last time, GE? Why did you change people again? I'm not sure
　　
　　Clear! I'll post it. I only met Ge Ye! Let him jump into the river with the neurotic! Then he was killed
　　
　　The system is gone! I've been listening to others! But the specific situation is not very clear! thank you!
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yifei: Hello, talented woman.
　　
　　Leaving the song is forced by the Vatican, and chatting about Sao paomei is the first.
　　
　　Willing to fight, willing to get two willing, heart to heart, heartless man.
　　
　　You mean Ge?
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: all human beings who call themselves God except Jesus come from Satan or Antichrist!
　　
　　〃Jinglei Shuqi Yifei: Ge is Jesus coming again.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: Ge is a fake purple. Whoever follows him is on the road of destruction! So may those people recognize the road,
　　
　　Repentance turns to salvation!
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: believe Ge Yongsheng!
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: nonsense, those who do not conform to the prediction are definitely not! Only I am the only true purple! He said to Jesus,
　　
　　After a while, the angel also claimed to be God. This is what Satan can do. The girl should wake up as soon as possible and don't be fooled
　　
　　be deceived!
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: Ge Youwei and Ge Hua witnessed it.
　　
　　892. Yiyin mountain man: Gefen, do you have to let Ge Shengren stand on the stage?
　　
　　He's a demon! thank you!
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi, Yi Fei: Ge is God
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: Ge is a devil! Jump into the river! Hell! thank you!
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yifei: OK, OK, here comes the poem.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: he is just a Christian who can prove the existence of God to a certain extent, like him
　　
　　There are many Christians, but others never dare to call themselves God!
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: GE has a book on neurology.
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣ 1 6. In the autumn of 2001, Ge Yimin took a nap in his big bed at his home in Zhenjiang. In a strange dream, God said, "I am God, you
　　
　　We should listen to him (GE Yimin). He immediately woke up and felt magical about "referring to ge Yimin". At that time, his wife and children were at home. Ge Yimin was anointed as God.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: I have "save you through the last robbery", and all brothers, sisters and saints testify!
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yifei: there is a chapter in GE's ＾wordofgod￣, the saint's witness, the witness to you. Is there any record?
　　
　　893. Li Yonghong: did you ge Xie prophesy? Did it happen?
　　
　　Several of my prophecies have come true, indicating that I have the creator God with me! If you never said a prophecy or said it never came true, you are definitely a liar!
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yifei: ＾wordofgod￣ II 13. Therefore, in 2019, the world ending (end) comes.
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣ II (III). The source of the 2019 doomsday prediction: Ge Yimin was first published on the Internet Forum in August 2001.
　　
　　It has been fulfilled: COVID-19 is wreaking havoc on the world.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: God said he was God, and he didn't say Ge Xie was God!
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: everyone listens to ge. Ge is God.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: God said you should listen to him. Instead of listening to ge Xie, he said Ge Xie should listen to someone else!
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yifei: truth: I am God, you should listen to him (GE Yimin). Refer to ge Yimin.
　　
　　894. Li Yonghong: Ge speaks to himself. If his identity is not correct, who will listen to him?
　　
　　Except the Lord Jesus, all human beings who call themselves God come from Antichrist!
　　
　　Only those who come from Satan will call themselves God!
　　
　　〃Kaila: Ge Hua, listen to him.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: some of the Ge flowers you mentioned are my saints. My saints know that only I am the only true purple
　　
　　, how can you listen to him? He's just whimsical!
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yifei: Ge Hua is recorded in the ＾wordofgod￣. Where is your saint? What's your name?
　　
　　The saints and saints in the ＾wordofgod￣s remember their names.
　　
　　〃〃Hai Hai: your last name is Ge? What are you? I can dream.
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yifei: you know the neuroimaging book.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: my saints, they all know. For their safety and quiet, I won't go public at present
　　
　　People will know their names when they make achievements with me!
　　
　　Some of the saints of Ge Ye's own adultery are mine. She knows that your adultery is useless!
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yifei: the Four Saints of ＾wordofgod￣s are Ge. Look at the vision book. Is it yours?
　　
　　895. Li Yonghong: Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yifei are also classmates Ge?
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yifei: these three are not divine saints. So you, YY Liu Yifei, do people know you?
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: of course my saint knows my identity and will not be tempted by any false purple!
　　
　　These three are not. Why do you name yourself after them?
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi, Yi Fei: Princess Ai.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: also, what prophecies do you ge Xie conform to?
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: Ge, hands in the sky and feet on the ground.
　　
　　Four Saints of ＾wordofgod￣s: Xu Qian, Qin Fen, Li Juan and Chunfang (reluctantly).
　　
　　You YY, Liu Yifei, said that people know you. What's the evidence? Did she give you money?
　　
　　〃〃Yaleileiipapa: we're embarrassed that you don't believe in ＾wordofgod￣s and won't die.
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong: Repent, my friend, you are with the wrong person! I come on behalf of the heavenly Father and God. I am the only true person in the world
　　
　　Purple, eschatological truth and eternal life come from yourself! Whoever resists me will die without doubt. Do it yourself! Friends!
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yifei: we are Ge Hua. Why didn't we die when we resisted you? Truth, what do you say by your mouth?
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong: Heavenly Father, God has ordered. She will pay when it's time for her to pay. You don't have to worry about it
　　
　　
　　
　　All who resist the truth will die, but there is a time for death, Ge Hua!
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yifei: expose the evidence that Liu Yifei knows you? Did she mention you on social media? Did you have her wechat chat
　　
　　record?
　　
　　Ge Hua 20331126 lives forever.
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong: my article has the personal affirmation of the creator God. Do you have it?
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: the creator God is created by GE God.
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong: Ge Hua 20331126 who is Yongsheng?
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: 20331126 God Ge leads mankind to eternal life.
　　
　　896. Li Yonghong: my identity is only determined by God
　　
　　No need to rely on any saint to determine, but the identity of any Saint needs my confirmation!
　　
　　〃Jing Lei Shu Qi Yifei: I now command God not to give you any identity.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: order Satan to retreat in the name of Jesus Christ!
　　
　　How evil and unreliable you are, Ge Hua! If you do not repent, you will fall willingly and be deceived and fooled by evil
　　
　　, then I declare your doomsday!
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yifei: Jesus was created by GE God from generation to generation. We Ge Hua 20331126 live forever.
　　
　　You just say what year, month and day you came out of the mountain?
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: the time of my coming out of the mountain must be completely in line with the prediction. The specific time is a secret and cannot be disclosed!
　　
　　〃Jing Lei Shu Qi Yifei: you don't know, so you can't say it. Ge Shen 20331126
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: I tell you, your birth time is wrong! My birth time is in my identification of true and false purple micro
　　
　　The combination boxing has made it very clear!
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi, Yifei: mm / DD / yyyy?
　　
　　897. Li Yonghong: if you ge Xie leaves on November 26, 2033
　　
　　What is he cheating on the Internet now?
　　
　　〃Kaila: God Ge is now preaching the gospel to all the people.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: except that Jesus can claim to be God, the others who claim to be God are all from Satan!
　　
　　〃Kaila: Jesus was created by God Ge from generation to generation.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: in the name of Lord Jesus, the evil spirits are ordered to retreat and dissipate!
　　
　　〃Jinglei Kaila: in the name of God Ge, everything is safe!
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: Ge Xie is just cheating through the gospel!
　　
　　〃Jinglei opens Kaila: did God Ge cheat your family wealth or lust?
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: you not only want the talent of my saint, but also want to cheat my saint's color. Unfortunately, my saint knows that I am the only one
　　
　　It's so purple. I won't be cheated by you!
　　
　　〃Kaila: did you cheat? Trying to cheat?
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: it's good to preach the gospel, but claiming to preach the gospel as God is only done by evil spirits!
　　
　　No true evangelist puts himself above Jesus and God. You are blaspheming
　　
　　It works! Those who blaspheme the Holy Spirit will never be forgiven!
　　
　　〃Kaila: the Holy Spirit sends out for God Ge, which is the driving force of God Ge.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: Ge Xie, you want to cheat, but no one believes you! You'd better be a Christ first
　　
　　Disciples, lay the foundation and come out to preach the gospel! Otherwise, almost everyone thinks you belong to a cult!
　　
　　〃Jinglei opens Kaila: how do you know that God Ge wants to cheat Yifei's wealth? Evidence?
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: Ge Ye's spirit is excited. He calls himself God and dares to command God. Then the spirit will never be the Holy Spirit! holy
　　
　　The spirit absolutely knows the order of heaven. Among the only true God of the Trinity, God is the first and Jesus (TAO) is the first
　　
　　The second character and the Holy Spirit are the third character. The only true God of the Trinity is the origin of all things in the whole universe, all gods
　　
　　God made them all. Is there a god higher than God?
　　
　　〃Kaila: the Trinity god was created by God Ge from generation to generation.
　　
　　Ge Yimin God is two levels higher than God and three levels higher than human beings.
　　
　　- "God:" Ge Yimin created the creator, the creator created God, and God created mankind. "
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: you have named yourself after others. Do you still say you don't want to be cheated?
　　
　　〃Jinglei Kaila: it's named Yifei, which only means you like it.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: ignorant people, how can they exist higher than the original God?
　　
　　〃Jinglei Kaila: ＾wordofgod￣ 26 (16), Ge Yimin's creation of God
　　
　　1. At first, Ge Yimin God created the creator. This is the first day.
　　
　　2. God Ge said to the creator, you have to create God. He has another appointment. Then there is God. It is the second day.
　　
　　3. The creator said to God, create heaven and earth, create water, create light, create grass, vegetables and trees.
　　
　　898. Peter Gerber: aren't you afraid of getting into trouble because of the above remarks?
　　
　　Last time I interacted with you, I was asked
　　
　　But I didn't do much
　　
　　Ge Yimin 18:59:55, September 9, 2021
　　
　　It's all right. Last time, it was a fake who scolded Xi
　　
　　It's all repetition ＾wordofgod￣s, OK
　　
　　Peter Gerber 2021 / 9 / 9 19:02:55
　　
　　Um
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:09:51
　　
　　Where did you ask?
　　
　　Peter Gerber 19:11:05
　　
　　A few years ago.
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:11:33
　　
　　Is it a police station?
　　
　　Gerpeter 19:11:41
　　
　　Telephone
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:11:55
　　
　　The police station?
　　
　　Gerpeter 19:12:00
　　
　　yes
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:12:10
　　
　　How did you find you?
　　
　　Gerpeter 19:12:11
　　
　　Just asked if there was any relationship and organization
　　
　　I said no
　　
　　Purely voluntary
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:12:16
　　
　　You don't have your real name
　　
　　Gerpeter 19:12:20
　　
　　How do I know
　　
　　Gerpeter 19:12:29
　　
　　If you use IP to surf the Internet, you can find it if you are not abroad
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:12:52
　　
　　yes
　　
　　Gerpeter 19:13:12
　　
　　Unless you don't send relevant content, something will happen sooner or later
　　
　　But I just doubted you at that time, didn't I
　　
　　That's why you contacted me
　　
　　Later, someone spread rumors about this
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:13:35
　　
　　It's okay, just don't rush the tower, culture
　　
　　Gerpeter 19:13:36
　　
　　Maybe it's for you and me
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:14:32
　　
　　How did you spread the rumors?
　　
　　Gerpeter 19:15:32
　　
　　Someone asked me if you were organized
　　
　　I think someone may spread rumors every day
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:16:38
　　
　　1. No organization.
　　
　　2. Don't rush the tower, don't scold West.
　　
　　Cultural direction. It's okay. It's recognized by Guoan.
　　
　　Gerpeter 19:18:28
　　
　　Um
　　
　　Ge Yimin 20:02:16
　　
　　You once said that at the police station, the police wouldn't let you call me Ge Shen.
　　
　　Let me rescue you that night
　　
　　Ge Peter 2021-9-10 9:58:28
　　
　　I didn't say that if you hear something similar, you may have been stolen
　　
　　Ge Yimin 9:59:44, September 10, 2021
　　
　　No, you told me one night. It's been years
　　
　　Peter Gerber 2021-9-10 9:59:54
　　
　　I don't remember
　　
　　The previous numbers are not trusted
　　
　　Ge Yimin 10:00:18, September 10, 2021
　　
　　Have you ever been to the police station?
　　
　　Ge Peter 2021-9-10 10:00:23
　　
　　No,
　　
　　Ge Yimin 10:00:28, September 10, 2021
　　
　　good
　　
　　Ge Peter 2021-9-10 10:00:30
　　
　　It can't be trusted without opening the device lock
　　
　　Ge Yimin 10:00:35, September 10, 2021
　　
　　well
　　
　　Ge Peter 2021-9-10 10:00:39
　　
　　Beware of social worker number theft fraud
　　
　　Ge Yimin 10:00:45, September 10, 2021
　　
　　good
　　
　　899. Gerpaul: after 20331126, will the gods start a war against the world
　　
　　To show the existence of the divine religion?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 20:36:57
　　
　　It has become a world of great harmony and a global Communist society.
　　
　　Gerpaul 20:37:15
　　
　　What if some gods think they have not reached it and want to start a war?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 20:37:43
　　
　　It will be achieved
　　
　　Gerpaul 20:37:59
　　
　　good
　　
　　Gerpaul 20:38:08
　　
　　The divine religion will never split like Abraham's religion
　　
　　Ge Yimin 20:38:50
　　
　　Yes, the Commonwealth of free men can do without teaching.
　　
　　Gerpaul 20:39:11
　　
　　Theocracy is widespread
　　
　　Ge Yimin 20:39:28
　　
　　good
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong: your ＾wordofgod￣ is a joke to Christians, friend!
　　
　　〃〃Jingleikai Kaila: Yes, Christians only have the Bible and are limited to the Bible, so they can't accept higher Gospels. ＾wordofgod￣s come from the Bible and are higher than the Bible.
　　
　　The ＾wordofgod￣ is our answer.
　　
　　Ge Hua has only ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　900. Li Yonghong: friends, you ge Xie are a typical cult!
　　
　　God is the source and the highest. All gods depend on the three elements of God, particle, Avenue and Holy Spirit
　　
　　And existence, how can there be a god higher than God?
　　
　　〃Kaila: according to the ＾wordofgod￣, God Ge is two levels higher than God. I didn't see God resist~~~
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: don't harm others in the post bar! People who regard their external things as their lifelong pursuit can still talk about God? At most, it's Yin and spirit
　　
　　! hahaha ~ ~ to become a God, first cultivate your moral character! Hahaha ~! For fame and wealth, do everything possible to cheat people and money
　　
　　Cheat! Go to hell and clean up!
　　
　　〃Jinglei Kaila: what external things do I pursue?
　　
　　When did I lie to you about money and sex?
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: believe in Ge Shen and read ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: why do you keep promoting Ge? What's the relationship between you and Ge? Ge is a devil! You believe everything!
　　
　　I can't get along with so many women! Just because of this, I'm not a moral person at all! You carry a big flag every day
　　
　　What is the purpose of its marketing? Is fame and wealth really so important? Or are you GE's trumpet?
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: I am God. You should listen gym
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: all right! In order to promote himself into a beauty! Ge TM is 60 or 70 years old! He can't let go until he's dying
　　
　　Xiamingguan! I haven't passed the second level of a man! I don't understand! Return to God! Hurry where you're far away, where you're going! Lose yourself at home
　　
　　There's still a big gap between believers and gods! Don't play tricks on the Internet! Cheat! Hell
　　
　　You can't run!
　　
　　〃〃Jinglei Shuqi Yifei: did I kill you with a knife.
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: hahaha ~! At last the original shape is revealed! Didn't you remind grandpa to watch your "＾wordofgod￣s" that day
　　
　　Grandpa did look for it! You put my reply on Zhihu without grandpa's permission
　　
　　It's too unkind! Did I ask you to publicize me? I didn't pay you the publicity fee again!
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: believe in Ge Shen and read ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　〃Yi Yinshan man: your "＾wordofgod￣" is just the brain thinking of ordinary people, which is different from the world situation that will be displayed in front of you
　　
　　It's too far away! Return to capitalism, piece together words and write about your own experience. You think you're a god! It's amazing
　　
　　Pitiful!
　　
　　〃Jinglei Kaila: Ge Shen 19690131, 52.
　　
　　Comments on Ge Shen are included in the comments of netizens.
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣s change the world. They are political books, not just faith books.
　　
　　(confused with so many women!), it seems that you have read a lot. You have been saved.
　　
　　901. Paul Ge: will ge Yimin become a sensitive word on QQ?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 14:03:25, September 11, 2021
　　
　　No, don't flush the tower. There will be no new measures
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: I probably turned it over again! Ge is not a god! It is estimated that he is a believer and a little publicizes the nature of religion
　　
　　 It's too far from God and saints! thank you!
　　
　　〃Kaila: it's 900000 words. You probably turned it over. How long did it take?
　　
　　Did you watch it on God's net?
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: how many trumpets does Ge have? It's all Xu Jinglei! You and the people downstairs are all alone! Play this alone
　　
　　Are you tired with so many numbers!
　　
　　〃Jinglei Kaila: not tired. I got 150 numbers and he got 700 numbers.
　　
　　〃〃Ten million grand prize: the holy Gang said: sinners weigh 20331126
　　
　　The holy Gang said: 20331126 is the time for evil families to eat shit.
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: who are you? I'd love to meet you! You are too persistent! Did you mean Ge? Deceiving countless people
　　
　　arrowroot!
　　
　　〃〃Jinglei Kaila: OK, beauty, I'd like to know you very much! I don't care about Ge Hua. He's downstairs. He's an apostle
　　
　　, young man.
　　
　　Did Ge lie to you?
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: more than ten minutes! Just focus on the person's state of consciousness! come to conclusion! Ge is a joke!
　　
　　〃〃Kaila: what can you see in ten minutes? I watch my mobile phone every day for more than ten years, hundreds of times
　　
　　, still fun.
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: long live God Ge!
　　
　　Stronger than all plots!
　　
　　〃〃Yale lipapa: what about our posts? (conspiracy theory)
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yifei: I deleted them all.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: Oh! ok Ge Hua also has men, right! Shouldn't it be called Pueraria! forget it! I'll have a play
　　
　　Laugh! I'm not interested in virtual Internet people! Take a cut and learn! Some time ago, I was cheated by many big and small trumpets! I
　　
　　No one believes it now! Post it to cheat money and color! There are few good people!
　　
　　〃Kaila: Ge Hua spreads faith and doesn't cheat on wealth. Both male and female disciples are called Ge Hua. They are specific people
　　
　　。
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: OK, just keep looking! I'm not interested in low-grade and tasteless words! Words are capable
　　
　　Quantity! Low energy words seem to give me a headache!
　　
　　〃Kaila: all religious classics are only useful to believers. The Bible, which Christians regard as
　　
　　The most precious, but Buddhists are not interested. Similarly, Buddhist scriptures are regarded as the most precious, but Christians are not interested.
　　
　　902. Yiyin mountain man: I have no good impression of religion!
　　
　　Now many religions are deceptive! The big people inside are actually demons! Not a true believer! Beware of being cheated
　　
　　 I don't believe in anything. I only believe in myself! thank you!
　　
　　〃Kaila: we pay more attention to politics and real society. Communism is more important than Christianity.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: didn't you cut the grass? forget it! Male disciples call it Pueraria! Fortunately, there are some differences!
　　
　　〃Kaila: Ge Hua comes from super girl, corn jelly box lunch, and doesn't distinguish between men and women.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: ha ha, I smiled! Stop here! thank you! Publicize it to ge quickly! Only the brainless
　　
　　To be brainwashed! thank you!
　　
　　〃Kaila: it's not mandatory. It's just to publicize new ideas.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyinshan people: communism cannot be realized without expanding people's consciousness! Politics is never possible! people
　　
　　There is no self-consciousness of spontaneity and voluntariness, and a beautiful communism can only be an illusion! Ge Xie's thinking consciousness can't achieve communism
　　
　　Doctrine! Stop fantasizing! Ha ha ha ~ ~
　　
　　〃Jinglei Kaila: now there are two big ＾wordofgod￣s - Chapter 18 socialized production and the Internet revolution
　　
　　903. Purple of the recluse offcial: the believers still think highly of you.
　　
　　〃Yexue: Thank you for looking at me.
　　
　　〃〃Solitaire 13: nervous. It's not Internet philosophy at all. It's not philosophy at all..
　　
　　〃Yexue: Thank you, Aite. I haven't read the great Christian communist theory and the two great (socialized production and Internet revolution).
　　
　　In other words, it is difficult to ask one person to read another's article on the Internet, because everyone is self-confident.
　　
　　〃〃Kaila: beauty, do you want to live forever?
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: eternal soul! The flesh will die! This is the law of nature! thank you!
　　
　　〃〃Kaila: ＾wordofgod￣ VII 50. There is no evidence of soul immortality. The body is immortality, but evidence. Science is approaching immortality. The eternal life pursued by the divine religion refers to the present world. There is no evidence of what happens after death.
　　
　　904. Wechat public account massacres Christianity
　　
　　Dozens of relevant contents of my two public accounts have been deleted, basically just citing the scriptures of the Bible.
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: don't propagandize for me! Since ancient times, no one's body has lived forever! This consciousness is called holy! Can we not lose face on the Internet!
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: 20331126 Ge Shi.
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: Ge Shen falsely claims to be a saint, but the cosmic road is not clear.
　　
　　The flesh lives forever for good talk, deceiving believers and spreading rumors.
　　
　　〃〃Wuwei 1235: who is God Ge! Whoever he is! There is no saint's way! No one in the world can do anything like him!
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: Oh! Ge Fen has always asked to publicize GE's evil god. Anyway, it doesn't take much trouble to have materials, so he will publicize Ge as a villain! Put a perfect end to the era of Ge evil god! It is also a matter for the benefit of all living beings! Ha ha ha ~ ~
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei Shu Qi Yifei: did you write it yourself?
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: in order to meet your requirements of Ge Fen, I also fought! No matter what, let post bar end the old era and usher in an era! Just like the development trend of the world, new cultural ideas will eventually rise and eventually become the mainstream cultural trend of thought (the return of Chinese traditional culture)! It's just the beginning! When it's time to end, let's happily send it away!
　　
　　〃〃Jinglei Kaila: beauty can't go... Talented people can't go...
　　
　　How anti Ge Shen...
　　
　　900000 words are all negative teaching materials.
　　
　　Beauty, if you create another anti Ge poem, you will be immortal.
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: I'm not interested in things outside my body! thank you!
　　
　　〃〃Kaila: it's good for the people.
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: are you two Gefen the same person! You really fight hard for GE evil god! Don't be brainwashed, come back quickly! Expand consciousness and explore the truth and future of the universe! In this way, you will feel wonderful in the coming world! thank you!
　　
　　〃〃Kaila: he's an apostle. I'm the supervisor. Ge Hua is the only God Ge.
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: no matter how many words, it's all nonsense, spicy chicken! Only the inspiration from connecting the higher self is valuable to others and society!
　　
　　〃〃Jinglei Kaila: Gehua 20331126 has built Datong world.
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: you've had enough! You won't be paranoid like you met in 2021! If you are sick, go and treat it! Don't waste time in the post bar. Shame is not too big!
　　
　　〃〃Kaila: if you are still alive in 20331126, please enjoy the real communist society.
　　
　　〃Mr. drum D: can there be a big navigation without a Chinese compass?
　　
　　Can there be heat weapons without Chinese gunpowder?
　　
　　Without paper, printing, you Renaissance?
　　
　　The Silk Road brought the earliest global cultural exchanges!
　　
　　The earliest book of changes in China is the philosophy and thought at the beginning of Chinese civilization, which is closest to the origin of the cosmic Avenue.
　　
　　〃〃Kaila: they didn't use your four small inventions. Later, China didn't use your four small inventions, but others.
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: Oh! Are you Pueraria lobata or Pueraria lobata! Brainwashing is not enough! In order to seize the opportunity to do publicity! You did too! Unfortunately, there is no if! The untimely thing should be sent away. Let's send it away! Don't struggle, don't be persistent! thank you!
　　
　　No matter who, no! Garbage is to be cleaned up! Leave more and more space for bar friends to promote positive ideas! Give positive guidance to everyone! thank you!
　　
　　〃〃Kaila: there is no Pueraria, only Pueraria, but ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　905. Jinglei Kaila: many batches of Ge God are practice.
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: stubborn! Please continue! Not the same person! We have no chance! thank you!
　　
　　〃〃Kaila: what do beauties believe in?
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: I only believe in myself! Everyone should believe in himself! Because everyone is God! Just wake up! Everyone will be omnipotent! thank you!
　　
　　〃〃Jinglei Kaila: God Ge believes in himself. Why is it a cult?
　　
　　〃Bug: have you seen those sentences before? I heard that they were dreamt by GE Shen in his dream. Just those sentences were laughed. Others seemed to be patchwork.
　　
　　I thought God Ge was also a person with a sense of humor. I didn't know that the golden sentences I thought of were taught by someone in my dream.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: Oh! Is it? I didn't take it too seriously! Such a delightful text! ok I missed another good play! Ha ha ha ~
　　
　　oh This is called divine power! Ha ha ha ~ ~ ~
　　
　　〃Bug: you missed it. In 19 years, these Treasury sentences were all posted. It's so funny!
　　
　　Now Ge Hua can't say these words anymore?
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: right! Late! I missed another hundred million! Ha ha ha ~
　　
　　Not too clear! Ge Hua probably will! Generally speaking, members of the marketing and publicity team have been uniformly trained! Sales outfits should be complete, Shu Qi, Yifei and Jinglei. How to play without weapons? Professional words come in handy. Ha ha ha ~ ~
　　
　　〃Bug: I haven't seen you for a long time. I used to.
　　
　　〃〃Kaila: you don't believe in ＾wordofgod￣s and won't die. We're very embarrassed.
　　
　　906. Brother Si and other Yan GUI: is he important
　　
　　〃Post bar users_ 0ma8ww7: he (GE Shen) is not important, of course she (Ling Sheng) is important. It's not tired to chat with men and women.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Ling Sheng with Ge Shen?
　　
　　〃Li Mingdong: Lao Ge, you have persevered until now. You post it. It's more lively and fun.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: 20331126
　　
　　〃Li Mingdong: Although Xu is beautiful, he has experienced too many men. Sometimes he is romantic. He is not suitable to be a saint. There are few men
　　
　　There are a lot of and clean women. These people are suitable for purple women. It is estimated that Zige will have at least a few harem in the future.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: we like Xu because her domain name kaila.com.cn has been owned by GE Shen. It will be launched on September 23
　　
　　It can be parsed.
　　
　　〃Li Mingdong: I think Lao Zi was elected in the 22nd National Congress of 203210.
　　
　　The heap back map itself only predicts emperors, generals, civil and military officials and concubines, and does not predict people in other industries.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: unless today's people fake or entrust, the predictions of the Tang Dynasty are not credible now.
　　
　　907. Li Mingdong: there are many experts in forecasting magic at all times, at home and abroad
　　
　　The earliest public version of this book was released and sold in the 5th year of the Republic of China. It was after 39 to 44 elephants, and it has all met the requirements up to now. It is proved that
　　
　　No fake.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: I heard that the dream of Red Mansions mentioned pushing pictures, as well as the specific contents of the fifth year of the Republic of China. There are many far fetched explanations.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: beauty can't go. What about Ge Hua when you go?
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: stop fooling around on the Internet! Don't send this thing that doesn't conform to the universe Avenue. It's a lie! All
　　
　　Industry! Mislead all living beings and go to hell after death! Now it looks like it's getting mixed up! You always have to pay it back when you come out!
　　
　　You can't escape the final judgment! Listen to a word of advice and return to normal life quickly! Be a good man and make atonement!
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: believe me, 20331126, Communist society, for you and your family to enjoy forever.
　　
　　908. [group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333): trembling limits me
　　
　　It was unloaded two weeks ago. I was just shaking with someone else's voice, but I couldn't be found. I heard from fans that only those who had paid attention to me could see it, and it has been blocked a lot recently.
　　
　　The quick hand was closed soon.
　　
　　Now use micro vision, wechat video number and station B.
　　
　　Recently, I used some small red books, second shots and good-looking, which were basically deleted later.
　　
　　[apostles] Ge Yimin (143267660) 19:13:15
　　
　　Why don't you sign out?
　　
　　I reported that the chattering was blocked six months ago
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 19:13:46
　　
　　No sign off, the original fans can see
　　
　　[anonymous] eighteen Arhats 19:14:15
　　
　　Does God Ge have any way to avoid sealing,,,
　　
　　[apostles] Ge Yimin (143267660) 19:16:26
　　
　　No,
　　
　　You can't go against the environment
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain people: those who are stubborn and mislead all living beings! Hell serve! thank you!
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: beauty, are you also called Saint?
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: the truth about you is that you are a demon! thank you!
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: beauty, what is the truth and future of the universe you are exploring? May you wash your ears and listen.
　　
　　909. Saint Xu Jinglei: Miss Ling has only been in her ＾wordofgod￣s since then.
　　
　　〃Xihe No. 1: if Western women were the goddess of revenge, their ＾wordofgod￣s would collapse!
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: ＾wordofgod￣s, ge.
　　
　　〃Xihe No. 1: Well, you know, ge. You asked him which Western goddess he was in his previous life? It must be nonsense.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Lord, Hua Hua~
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: return the body to eternal life! From the past dynasties, find a person with eternal physical life as an example. Let me see!
　　
　　It's most humiliating to be exposed as a liar! Ha ha ha ~ ~
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: eternal life begins with Ge Shen 20331126.
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: NIMA! It's not enough for you to be a saint. You have to pull me into the water! What's the situation with me, I
　　
　　The heart is like a mirror! I need you to say it! Can I not hold back! Do you know where I am now? Surrounding relatives
　　
　　People think I'm crazy. Leave me! Police station, school, court! Post it! I don't know what to do next
　　
　　Where will the Tao be arranged?
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: are you a teacher? Isn't all this the end of sanctification?
　　
　　〃The existence of nothingness: I am a schizophrenic.
　　
　　I think I'm the Savior. Taking medicine for schizophrenia and electroconvulsive can't change my mind...
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: how do you save the world? How to change human thought?
　　
　　Ge and the neural network.
　　
　　910. Yiyin mountain man: your current style
　　
　　You will have left the world before 2033! Do you know why? Self inflicted sin, death! After death, you go straight back to your home - hell!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: what did I do wrong?
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: it's right to believe in Jesus! Just believe it! But you make improper remarks and mislead others! The more people are misled, the more miserable and painful they are after death!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: what inappropriate remarks? As you said, seek the truth of the universe.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain people: publicize the speech of physical immortality, call themselves saints under the guise of God holding dreams, and deceive others! It's still far from the cosmic Avenue. You think you're really a saint! The natural laws of the universe are not clear! People still believe in things that run counter to each other. I'm convinced!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: immortality is the pursuit of ancient times. Science is approaching immortality. Neuroimaging books are real dreams. Chapter 27 is the natural law of the universe.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: don't be ashamed in the post bar! We all know the year of destiny, and we still don't know the height of heaven and earth! After all these years, you really live in vain! What a pity!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: who did I lose? Shenwang neurotheology.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: the cult misleads all sentient beings! You haven't made a big move, a big climate, a crisis to national security. Otherwise, there must be a lawsuit and imprisonment! Stupid don't know!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I have no organization. How can I be a cult?
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: How did I become a teacher! When people live, they must find the balance between the material and spiritual world! Real life should also be taken into account!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: it's no mistake to go to work online, i.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: Oh! OK! Then you can. You're doing a good job!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: how can you stick it? Blow the water and don't work?
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: are there few posts that don't work? Are there few beggars in the post bar? A man without dignity is not as good as a dog!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: how much money can I ask for. Those who don't work, wait for the nonexistent so-called saint to get rich, year after year...
　　
　　〃〃Yiyinshan people: publicize "＾wordofgod￣" on the Internet every day. Don't say you're not ge or Shu Qi. Jinglei TM has become your tool! You're good to say! Shame is not too big!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: three concubines, no protest.
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣ 11 94. Because we think Ge Yimin has a great vision of "I am God, you should listen to him (GE Yimin)" to let the world know, Ge Hua tries to preach on the Internet. The gospel of Ge Yimin, the gospel of the Internet age.
　　
　　911. Yiyin mountain man: enough! It doesn't conform to common sense. It's a patchwork theory!
　　
　　Take another look at the self introduction part. It's good to get entangled with multiple women! God loves the world, but it's not this virtue in real life! Do what you should do! Give up the saint's fantasy and live a down-to-earth life is the right way! thank you!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: many women are past love. That's my melancholy youth.
　　
　　I am mainly contemporary communism. Do you agree with communism?
　　
　　You know a lot about ＾wordofgod￣s. You should read it deeply.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: Oh! shameless people will top the world! Why are you so thick skinned!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: preach the gospel to you for free, priceless pearl.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: wait, depend, want this idea! Independence is the character and accomplishment that an adult should have! The experience along the way is that no one in the world can be trusted except yourself! If you want to realize your dream and become the person you want to be, you can only rely on your own efforts! Others can't help themselves!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I agree with you, a red heart, two preparations, give you me him.
　　
　　912. [apostles] Paul (143267660): 136 that was a subversive speech
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 15:54:27
　　
　　Not really
　　
　　[apostles] Paul (143267660) 15:55:05
　　
　　It is said that China has no contribution to the world. At first glance, it is God and historical nihilism
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 15:55:45
　　
　　This doesn't count. It's only anti gravity in the book of neuropolitical theory. This is just two general sentences
　　
　　[apostles] Paul (143267660) 15:55:55
　　
　　You don't understand the wind at all
　　
　　[anonymous] caterpillar 15:56:11
　　
　　Ge Yimin, the leader of Shenqu, GAISHA,,,
　　
　　[apostles] Paul (143267660) 15:56:34
　　
　　If you send those, you will be reported forever
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 15:58:58
　　
　　0 contribution, 4 small faming, which may be the reason
　　
　　[apostles] Paul (143267660) 15:59:15
　　
　　Historical nihilism
　　
　　Ge Yimin 15:54:11
　　
　　My public account, real name, normal, not sealed
　　
　　Paul 15:54:20
　　
　　Not a public account
　　
　　This refers to microblogging and other websites
　　
　　It will be implemented later
　　
　　You can't even turn on the trumpet again
　　
　　Ge Yimin 15:54:53
　　
　　It's okay. Use someone else's identity
　　
　　Paul 15:55:14
　　
　　equally
　　
　　Now it belongs to adding you to the sensitive database
　　
　　See you, Yongfeng
　　
　　It will be more serious in the future
　　
　　Ge Yimin 15:56:38
　　
　　No, it's okay not to rush the tower anymore. Don't punish twice for one thing.
　　
　　Paul 15:56:55
　　
　　Stop sending criticism
　　
　　Only praise
　　
　　Ge Yimin 15:57:34
　　
　　Don't rush the tower, for God's net
　　
　　Old wall domain name, can't stand it.
　　
　　Paul 15:58:20
　　
　　I mean, don't send any criticism
　　
　　Delete it if you can
　　
　　Ge Yimin 16:00:28
　　
　　Mainly for God's net, you can't rush to the tower.
　　
　　Gerpaul 16:01:39
　　
　　Don't send any criticism, just praise
　　
　　Ge Yimin 16:03:13
　　
　　Oh
　　
　　Paul Ge 16:03:31
　　
　　Don't believe it. It will affect the whole family and members
　　
　　Ge Yimin 16:06:17
　　
　　I don't rush to the tower. It's also for God's net and Gospel platform.
　　
　　Paul Ge 16:06:41
　　
　　Just don't send any criticism on the Internet, so as not to continue to be blocked wantonly
　　
　　913. Du: what is Ge Shen?
　　
　　Just say God's word, you successfully attracted my attention!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: soge Shenwang.
　　
　　〃〃Eddie 9470: Jesus is just a grain of dust in the universe. I believe in Jesus, but Jesus must not be omnipotent.
　　
　　〃Geyimin: I am omnipotent:)
　　
　　〃〃Vast sea of people: gym Zhihu new number is here~
　　
　　Xu Jinglei Kaila C? Strangers in heaven - in memory of San Mao
　　
　　〃Phineario: Zhenjiang strange people began to learn from Yang Fan's high-intensity number building.
　　
　　〃〃Deyang Lijuan: I post 160 numbers and Ge Paul (disciple) 700 numbers.
　　
　　Cave 860 of cunning rabbit.
　　
　　914. Ge Yimin: neuro old post, recognized by Guoan
　　
　　Just don't send new ones
　　
　　Jacob 18:36:36
　　
　　You really don't know the new Wenger?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 18:37:50
　　
　　I'm not sure
　　
　　Jacob 18:38:08
　　
　　Now the environment is tightened in an all-round way. It is dangerous to do these things
　　
　　Ge Yimin 18:38:38
　　
　　It's not organized. It's okay. I'll see it again
　　
　　Jacob 18:39:09
　　
　　Take care of it yourself
　　
　　Ge Yimin 18:39:10
　　
　　OK, not yet. Wait and see
　　
　　Ge Yimin 18:39:31
　　
　　Cultural direction
　　
　　Jacob 18:39:51
　　
　　Don't criticize
　　
　　Jacob 18:39:58
　　
　　If necessary, we can make a harmonious version of God's net
　　
　　Ge Yimin 18:40:12
　　
　　On Culture
　　
　　Ge Yimin 18:40:25
　　
　　Shenwang, Guoan has no objection
　　
　　Jacob 18:40:38
　　
　　That's your little influence
　　
　　Jacob 18:40:41
　　
　　Expand the attack in the future
　　
　　Ge Yimin 18:41:05
　　
　　Turn culture
　　
　　For the time being, because chongta is not strategic to me, it will wall my domain name.
　　
　　915. Li Yonghong: Oh, don't be deceived by the false Saint anyway!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Weige.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: Ge is a typical cult. If Satan wants to be the same as God, he will be knocked down and locked into a bottomless pit. You ge claimed that he created God. How long can he live?
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Ge 20331126 Yongsheng.
　　
　　Smile with a smile.
　　
　　You admit it, too? Purple girl?
　　
　　〃〃Du: how many people recognize purple, who will make it up to me!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Ge Hua recognizes your saint.
　　
　　〃〃Du: what is Ge Hua? My inner name is Huahua.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Ge Hua: people who recognize Ge min's God, that is, God disciples and God party members. Ge Hua - the flower of the people - the flower and fruit of Ge.
　　
　　〃〃Du: dizzy, keep that GE away from me!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: did Ge offend you?
　　
　　〃〃All: superstition stay away from me. My special energy wave needs science to confirm, study and play. What GE God Ge flower should be thrown away.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: GE's communism has something in common with you.
　　
　　〃〃Du: the common is 1.4 billion. They are all Chinese. The difference is that they have no purpose and profit.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: we are both Chinese and communists. Ge Hua has no interest.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: do you want to die with Ge Xie?
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Ge Hua and Ge Shen 20331126 live forever as king.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: if Ge Xie doesn't repent, she will be cut off. Your beauty will soon be destroyed!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: 20331126 be king forever and manage you.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: you are Ge Xie!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I'm Ge Hua.
　　
　　916. The vast sea of people: if you can clone a female body
　　
　　What kind of name would you give her?
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Ge Hua has long been my schizophrenic personality, not a trumpet, but an independent personality.
　　
　　〃〃The vast crowd: I often see Ge Hao in the post bar before talking about it, but half of them are Ge Paul's numbers. I probably looked at it. Ge Paul's Ge Hao generally has humorous elements in ID and avatar. For example, I saw "gymgym" before. For example, I took the name of Ge God's family as ID, such as "Ge Biao, son of Ge XX" and "Saint Hu Chunfang" Ge himself usually doesn't do that, except for his used son ID "Superman xiaobiao". Another way to distinguish is to look at the speaking style. Ge himself said this in the post bar before. The tone of the second is young, but he himself is the opposite. Sometimes it can be distinguished by the holy woman XX. After all, he YY has a lot of female stars.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: my son's number needs to be brought for screen brushing. Screen brushing means that more numbers are better. There are more than 20. Besides, Huahan Huaxing gave me dozens of numbers. The female star number is also built in this way. It's not YY. If you like it, you can build the number, as well as the classmate number. Paul's number was basically bought, sealed and bought again and again, because I brushed the screen manually, and he basically sealed it with tools.
　　
　　〃〃Finalseer: take down the wheels first, take them apart from each other.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Weige.
　　
　　〃〃God of justice 0008: how to create a world government and what kind of world government is reasonable and appropriate.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: 20331126 Datong world, ge.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: that's what this chapter solves. Chapter 19
　　
　　〃Crazy dream life: equality, freedom, the day of realization, Datong will appear.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Chapter 18 socialized production and the Internet revolution leave only the renewal of human thought.
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong: I will be in charge of the whole land in the future. Even Satan is under my control. Whether Ge Xie can live or not depends on his repentance!
　　
　　I advise you to leave Ge Ye early, or you will be buried with him!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: no one recognizes you, so you have no power.
　　
　　〃〃Fan Zhi and fan: you can't fool me. I lied to you.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: you didn't lie to me. Since you weren't cheated, who did Ge lie to?
　　
　　917. Li Yonghong: many people admit me
　　
　　Countries all over the world recognize me. Only those who recognize me can be saved! Those who follow the wrong false purple will not be saved!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Ge Shen has Ge Hua. What's your fan's name? Let him post back and forth without any proof.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: my words are power, because I follow my words and the road runs automatically! This is my authority!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: authority is obedience. Who obeys you? Let him reply.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: Ge Xie is deceiving all the world by pretending to be God! Also deceiving all things in heaven and earth!
　　
　　I have witnesses, but I don't seem to need to prove anything to you!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: God Ge created God, all the world, and all things in heaven and earth.
　　
　　Your witness's name? Can you say it?
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: My witnesses are y Lihua, w Ping and others. They are clearly written in my awakening! Many people have witnessed the whole process of my awakening, which is beyond your imagination and understanding!
　　
　　If you don't repent, you will soon be cut off! There is no other God except the creator Lord God, who is the only true God of the Trinity!
　　
　　All the other gods were made by the LORD God!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: let y Lihua and W Ping post back and forth without proof.
　　
　　The LORD was created by God Ge from generation to generation. Please know.
　　
　　〃〃Du: is it important? Ge is not respected.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: God GE has Ge Hua's respect.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: you will die unrepentant and perish soon. I'm happy to prove it to you. If you're unhappy, you don't have to prove it to you! But only one of my witnesses has a post bar ID, so I will ask at least one person to prove my identity!
　　
　　Do you really deserve the name by sending out your photos of Ge Hua to everyone?
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: isn't it a trumpet? Play post bar, you're only a trumpet.
　　
　　Ge Hua is here, @ Jinglei, Shu Qi and Yifei have been in the headquarters bar, two small bar owners
　　
　　@Yaleileipapa conspiracy theory bar master
　　
　　918. Ge Yage: why can't ＾wordofgod￣s be paid?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 20:10:26, September 18, 2021
　　
　　Faith books and Bibles are free
　　
　　Ge Yage 20:10:32, September 18, 2021
　　
　　No paid content?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 20:10:51, September 18, 2021
　　
　　No,
　　
　　Ge Yage 20:11:54, September 18, 2021
　　
　　Paid content should be added
　　
　　Ge Yimin 20:12:19, September 18, 2021
　　
　　No, it's against evangelism
　　
　　〃Everything is everything ＝ I just heard about this liar on the Internet. Now it doesn't surf the Internet. May it be sentenced? Does his mother add popularity to it? Then say goodbye to your family.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I heard that you also need evidence? God net and God community are updated by you?
　　
　　〃Everything is everything ＝ Silly boy, don't argue. If you help the devil again, you will die in 14 days! This order cannot be changed!
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: you have no authority. Ge Hua 20331126 eternal life, and take you and your family.
　　
　　919. [apostle] Ge Yage: Ge Yimin put forward the theological wegame in September 18
　　
　　Does it mean that GE Yimin has the ability to predict?
　　
　　[anonymous] Monkey King 16:08:19
　　
　　Ge Shenwei
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 16:10:05
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣ 10 47. Only when everyone is equal can there be harmony, and there is no harmony in hierarchical society.
　　
　　Your fucking villa BMW big fish big meat beautiful woman
　　
　　My fucking shack, bike, green vegetables, rob, yellow faced woman
　　
　　Why should I be harmonious with you? Let you enjoy it for a lifetime? I've suffered all my life?
　　
　　I won't be harmonious with you, but I want to change your life, live in your villa, drive your BMW, eat your fish and meat, and sleep with your beautiful woman:)
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 16:10:12
　　
　　It's been mentioned for more than ten years
　　
　　[apostles] gojak (143267660) 16:10:32
　　
　　However, in September of 18, the god religion criticized the friends who did not believe in Ge God.
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 16:11:11
　　
　　Now the seal of Gersh's house and the life of his son
　　
　　[apostles] gojak (143267660) 16:11:29
　　
　　No
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 16:12:16
　　
　　They have money to squander, and the bankrupt people pay the bill
　　
　　[apostles] gojak (143267660) 16:13:04
　　
　　It's better to criticize solo 13 and Zhang Yunjie
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 16:13:48
　　
　　Xu Jiayin's youngest son lives in a hotel. The hotel is equipped with a female massage technician
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 16:14:33
　　
　　Two poor people, their own people
　　
　　[administrator] plastic (282117420) 16:19:13
　　
　　Common prosperity is in line with the ＾wordofgod￣.
　　
　　[apostles] Biao (143267660) 16:19:42
　　
　　long live chairman ge
　　
　　[administrator] plastic (282117420) 16:19:59
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣s are more thorough and evenly distributed.
　　
　　920, God of justice 0008: if you can create a world government
　　
　　Then you're really the saint who saved the world.
　　
　　What is a reasonable and appropriate world government? Einstein didn't understand it for more than 40 years. I'm sure you don't understand it.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: solved, Chapter 19, 20331126
　　
　　Now the conditions are ripe - Chapter 18 socialized production and the Internet revolution
　　
　　〃〃God of justice 0008: the earth may form a powerful alliance - how to realize and create this powerful alliance.
　　
　　What do you take to unify human will?
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣s renew the human mind.
　　
　　921. The vast crowd 2: now that it has been confirmed that this ah Yi is indeed Liu
　　
　　Is Yunjie, the wolf shepherd in the ＾wordofgod￣, the dog himself?
　　
　　According to the communication with Ge min, I found that there was a comment with ID of wolf shepherd Yun Jie in the comment of ＾wordofgod￣ netizens, but the comment with a tone different from his tone was removed by exclusion. After all, it is still difficult for Yun Jie to write something in depth, but this comment can not be determined whether it is himself or not. He likes to use exclamation points, narcissistic mentality, words and so on. He is too much like himself. I used a search engine to find out Liu before, and what I found was only a certain section of Ge min's ＾wordofgod￣ to brush the screen manually. However, if you dig deeply, you can find that GE min put this speech in the Internet comment column in October 2015. At that time, Jie Zi was not as crazy as he is now, and would not abuse braces and repeat cliches. Of course, this is 16 to 17 years later.
　　
　　I can't confirm. I hope you can tell me. Another god net home page has updated the message book today?
　　
　　〃Yexue: Aunt Liu Xianzhong is really nervous. She commented that I am very good, which also proves that she has read ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　This is Zhang Jie himself, and also my microblog. I reread his (or relevant netizens) comments on me, that is, this comment has him and me, and netizens regard me as paying attention to him.
　　
　　〃〃The vast sea of people 2: ＾wordofgod￣s can accept Unicode characters, but there are also cases that they can't accept them. For example, the ID of advanced Ge Hei, Zhu Xue and stepping snow, has special symbols, which GE he can't include.
　　
　　I don't gym remember where this comment was first found. It may have been accidentally found in Zhang Di bar or Zheng commune bar. If Yunjie really knew gym, he couldn't have mentioned it only once.
　　
　　〃Yexue: ＾wordofgod￣s can receive Unicode characters. I'm a notepad. If I want to confirm, I'll remove it. I won't go in the future. Zhuxue and Tanxue are Ge Hua, wechat friends and little girls. The source is Zhang Di. It's a real-time comment. Zhang Jie knows me.
　　
　　We are the nine Internet philosophers. Of course, we know each other.
　　
　　922. The early worm is eaten by the bird: the great trial can only be a skill of following the word
　　
　　How about a trial?
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: ＾wordofgod￣ renewal thought.
　　
　　〃〃God of justice 0008: now the conditions are ripe - Chapter 18 socialized mass production and the Internet revolution - seems to be far away. Not core to essence.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: the Datong world is a communist society. These are two basic points and one center for spiritual renewal.
　　
　　〃〃God of justice 0008: your cognitive level is still in the period of enlightenment.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: what can you do? GE has a neural network.
　　
　　〃〃God of justice 0008: Ge Youshen network. CCC what do you mean.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: God published a book and publicized the gospel on the official website.
　　
　　〃〃Know "cancelled": is Ge Yimin so famous? Hong Kong has really seen him talk to himself. I haven't seen believers.
　　
　　〃Xiuquan Yu: go back and tell him that he is a God and I am also a God.
　　
　　〃〃Leahy: marnles mauge, Christian communism.
　　
　　〃Crane shadow crossing the cold pond: Ge Hong? Ha ha ha.
　　
　　923. [apostle] Paul (143267660): according to unofficial statistics:
　　
　　Half of the religious members are foreign nationals, 90% of them have a university degree or above, and one third are now living abroad
　　
　　[Ge Hua] eternal God selection (980946319) 2021 / 9 / 22 20:46:26
　　
　　Do you have Pueraria?
　　
　　[apostle] Paul (143267660) 2021 / 9 / 22 21:15:50
　　
　　less
　　
　　[Gehua] eternal God selection (980946319) 2021 / 9 / 22 21:25:32
　　
　　Is there any Pueraria flower for Pueraria drainage?
　　
　　[apostle] Paul (143267660) 2021 / 9 / 22 21:45:34
　　
　　yes
　　
　　[Ge Hua] eternal God selection (980946319) 2021 / 9 / 22 21:46:54
　　
　　A jacketed dog brought a big wave to Du B
　　
　　[Ge Hua] eternal God selection (980946319) 2021 / 9 / 22 21:47:50
　　
　　Ge Shen's treatment as president of the state can't be cited
　　
　　[Ge Hua] eternal God selection (980946319) 2021 / 9 / 22 21:53:31
　　
　　God Ge thought that fire could only be lost
　　
　　[apostle] Paul (143267660) 2021 / 9 / 22 21:54:47
　　
　　Who's the holster?
　　
　　[Ge Hua] eternal God selection (980946319) 2021 / 9 / 22 21:55:06
　　
　　@Gerpaul virtual anchor
　　
　　[Ge Hua] eternal God selection (980946319) 2021 / 9 / 22 21:56:16
　　
　　Seven seas nana7mi
　　
　　[apostle] Paul (143267660) 2021 / 9 / 22 21:56:47
　　
　　How?
　　
　　[apostle] Paul (143267660) 2021 / 9 / 22 21:57:00
　　
　　Mengchi Dazuo also drained Ge Shen
　　
　　[apostle] Paul (143267660) 2021 / 9 / 22 21:57:10
　　
　　Then Ge Shen shot Zhao bullet at him
　　
　　[Gehua] eternal God (980946319) 2021 / 9 / 22 21:57:40
　　
　　I talked about solo B in the live broadcast
　　
　　[apostle] Paul (143267660) 2021 / 9 / 22 21:58:01
　　
　　good
　　
　　[Gehua] eternal God (980946319) 2021 / 9 / 22 22:00:20
　　
　　Let children feel the charm of ＾wordofgod￣s
　　
　　[apostle] Paul (143267660) 2021 / 9 / 22 22:02:22
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣ skin has been changed before
　　
　　[apostle] Paul (143267660) 2021 / 9 / 22 22:02:30
　　
　　It was originally called the Yemeni Sutra
　　
　　[apostle] Paul (143267660) 2021 / 9 / 22 22:02:34
　　
　　Because the whole network is blocked
　　
　　[apostle] Paul (143267660) 2021 / 9 / 22 22:02:38
　　
　　Later, it was changed into ＾wordofgod￣
　　
　　[apostle] Paul (143267660) 2021 / 9 / 22 22:07:51
　　
　　Ge Shen is not under surveillance at present
　　
　　[apostle] Paul (143267660) 2021 / 9 / 22 22:07:54
　　
　　But it's possible in the future
　　
　　[apostle] Paul (143267660) 2021 / 9 / 22 22:08:05
　　
　　In particular, the demon in the assurance circle is dishonest
　　
　　[apostle] Paul (14326767660) 2021 / 9 / 22 22:08:08
　　
　　Always find something for God Ge
　　
　　924. 2 Shenwang message books
　　
　　1. Hello, ＾wordofgod￣ book number, can you find it on the Internet?
　　
　　[webmaster's reply] the catalogue of Hong Kong Printed books in special supplement No. 4 of the Gazette of the government of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.
　　
　　https://www.gld.gov.hk/egazette/pdf/20151939/cs42015193957.pdf
　　
　　Press Ctrl and F at the same time, and enter Ge Yimin or 978-988-13762-1-3 in the space of the "find" dialog box
　　
　　The screenshot of the results is shown in: http://www.gegod.com/xw.html
　　
　　2. How did your Baidu Post Bar big V certification come from? What is the certification content?
　　
　　[webmaster's reply] at that time, the post bar engaged in writer certification. The condition was that there were works. I was neural certification. I wrote a paragraph and passed the review, while others were a few words or a sentence.
　　
　　ID: Ge Yimin - Baidu Post Bar big V certification: Internet thinker and activist, signed writer of Hong Kong four seasons publishing house. Male, born in 1969 in Zhenjiang, Jiangsu, China, graduated from the Chinese Department of Nanjing University. Published a modern book of prophets, some say an amendment to the Bible. His thoughts come from two sources: Christianity and communism. ＾wordofgod￣ is his personal information, thinking about reality and future, and part of it is divine enlightenment.
　　
　　See the screenshot below: http://www.gegod.com/xw.html
　　
　　925. Xu Jinglei Kaila: Western Jesus Dongfang Ge.
　　
　　〃[apostles] Paul (143267660) 18:57:08
　　
　　Two ears don't hear things outside the window, and one mind only reads ＾wordofgod￣ books.
　　
　　〃〃Quiet fan people: don't play all day. I looked at the website you said. It's like doing Fallon.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Shenwang is Christian communism.
　　
　　GE has been around for 20 years.
　　
　　〃〃Code: Dawn 75-: Starling?
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: what is the star spirit? Ge is God
　　
　　〃〃Code: Dawn 75-: the soul of visitors from foreign world and non-native field.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Yes, Ge is the existence of the creator.
　　
　　〃〃Zhuge hall leader: Ge claims to be the remnant.
　　
　　〃Hai Hai: what shit, loser.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: GE has become a God, 2019
　　
　　926. Silently fly 02: how do people in the bar know crape myrtle?
　　
　　Are you talking about yourself?
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Yes, so is ge.
　　
　　〃〃The name is six words: Ge is in front.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Ge online for 20 years.
　　
　　〃〃Jinghong sweetheart: can anyone really solve many problems in the current universe?
　　
　　Will purple Saint be the same as we think? I miss him so much!
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　〃〃Jinghong sweetheart: gratitude (−? ＋)
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: 900000 words have been solved, ge.
　　
　　〃〃Veteran villain: Sanshui palace.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Zhenjiang.
　　
　　〃〃Veteran villain: why Zhenjiang?
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Sanshui palace.
　　
　　〃〃The name is six words: Ge.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: you have been saved.
　　
　　GE has been supported.
　　
　　〃〃Steel tough and unyielding: middle-aged women, low intelligence, do you believe that shit? Brain?
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: ＾wordofgod￣ 900000 words, one sentence is worth 10000 words.
　　
　　〃〃Silence and joy: (1:6 of the book of visions), your jumping thinking ordinary people really can't keep up, ha ha.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: a Book of neurological visions, a witness of dreams.
　　
　　〃〃Under the name Youbai -: I've... Ready to start preparations.
　　
　　You purple saints are sorry. You haven't been out of the mountain for a long time. Let me do it for you.
　　
　　〃The name is six words: Ge is in front.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Ge Jichu.
　　
　　〃Under the name Youbai -: who is Ge?
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: search Ge Shenwang.
　　
　　〃Goldcicadaboy: the sage is a weak chicken at present. Everything can only be obedient.
　　
　　The sage's situation is that the mute eats the yellow lotus and accepts it. What can you do if you're powerful? You can only make the sage's heart refuse to accept it, and the sage's heart refuse to accept it.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Ge Jiqiang.
　　
　　〃Crape myrtle emperor Sanhong: you ge is one of the demons of hell, and its daughters will rape.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Ge is God
　　
　　〃Ignore Lou pig: Ge Jianqiang.
　　
　　〃〃The name is six words: Ge DUI.
　　
　　927. Chen Xiaoyan 91909: who is Ge. I'm curious.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: search Ge Shenwang.
　　
　　〃〃Under the name Youbai -: I won't search it.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: no Shinto.
　　
　　〃〃Under the name Youbai -: Oh, so you are destined for Shinto? Are you a God.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Ge Hua and Ge God are honored and worshipped together.
　　
　　〃〃Under the name Youbai -: Oh, I can't see it.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: repression.
　　
　　〃〃The name is six words: Ge is in front.
　　
　　〃Under the name Youbai -: shouldn't purple be very famous? Who's Ge?
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Ge Ye has preached for 30 years.
　　
　　〃Hgh0123 era: what does the spy preach?
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Ge is God.
　　
　　〃The name is six words: Ge thirty.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: 52.
　　
　　When you see a ＾wordofgod￣, you push it.
　　
　　〃2007 chunlu55: cut it off.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Hello, old comrade.
　　
　　928. Saint Xu Jinglei: opening the era of eternal life
　　
　　Technology is approaching...
　　
　　〃Ten million grand prize: International Chorus: Xu Xinge dies first.
　　
　　Evil karma is short-lived, and the rich in Hong Kong also make moves.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Ge Huage God 20331126 will be king forever.
　　
　　〃Dissolute farmer: Emperor Shi Tian Xu Fu has Phoenix blood to protect his body. He will never die.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: no one will live forever before 20331126.
　　
　　〃Cosmic Observer: the development of science and technology proves that the fish jumped over the dragon's gate.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Hello, 20331126
　　
　　〃Cosmic Observer: do you want to enjoy nailing board or being hit by stone or roasted by fire on that day?
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: be king forever. You're good.
　　
　　〃Chen Xiaoyan 91909: OK.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: a contemporary legend.
　　
　　〃The name is six words: Ge Chaoshen.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Ge Huahao.
　　
　　〃Ten million grand prize: the true God said: those who believe in Ge break the demon first.
　　
　　You say: Ge Xie is not evil: the evil that distorts the Bible is held by the demon. Who are the demons? If you know a demon, you won't be confused by evil words.
　　
　　929. Universe Observer: eternal life as king?
　　
　　Isn't it not pure! I just want to be a dust!
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: beauty, eternal death and eternal life, choose one.
　　
　　〃〃Universe Observer: no one can control my destiny and let me choose. Only I can decide my life! I don't interpret other people's lives.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: it's your choice. Do you want to live forever? You always think about it. Death is the biggest problem everyone faces.
　　
　　〃〃Ande: no action, eggs.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: evangelizing is not action?
　　
　　〃〃Cosmic Observer: how can I tell you my choice? Can I tell you that you can realize your wish. If you can control everything, do you still need to stay on this earth and occupy resources?
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Hello, beauty. This is not interactive communication and chat.
　　
　　〃〃Universe Observer: beauty, you ball. I'm only two years old on national day. I'm still a baby now.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: then I'll hold you:)
　　
　　〃〃Ten million grand prize: the holy Gang said: sinners weigh 20331126
　　
　　The holy Gang said: 20331126 is the time for evil families to eat shit.
　　
　　930. Henry Wei: The Internationale is the proletarian and the oppressed
　　
　　The battle song for liberation is the Bible of the poor; The Bible is a sleeping pill for the ruling class to enslave, deceive and poison people. How can they have something in common and how can they be comparable?
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: I found one thing in common in this post: the parties thought the time had come, but a party who had been dead for more than 100 years did not arrive. One is in 2000, dozens of generations of dead parties still haven't arrived.
　　
　　I think the Bible is the Bible of the poor.
　　
　　Jesus said, "come to me, all who toil and bear heavy burdens, and I will give you rest" (Matthew 11:28)
　　
　　Those who go to church and read the Bible are the poor. The rich and powerful are busy with women, stars and mistresses. They share other people's wives. They don't go to church and don't read ＾wordofgod￣s. Wrong, the Bible.
　　
　　〃〃Northwest corner: I've had this idea for a long time. Marx's communism is a religion.
　　
　　In China, I was educated to have "communist belief" since childhood. The word belief is actually a religious term.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: 21. Communism was first proposed by Christian theologians. As a theory, communism was first founded by Christian theologians, and the concepts of "distribution according to work and distribution according to demand (pay according to demand)" were first put forward by these theologians.
　　
　　〃〃Hechun: that's because the Jews later generally rejected Jesus Christ as the Savior, and led to God's punishment. After 70 A.D., the Jews must complete the 2000 World diaspora!
　　
　　So God's plan was pushed back.
　　
　　The Bible was written in the first 50 BC, 1 Thessalonians. At that time, God had not finally decided that the Roman Empire would completely expel Jews.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: it seems that my 20331126 Datong world is satisfied with the date.
　　
　　〃〃Nosteponsnek: can you stop touching me?
　　
　　1 Thessalonians 4:14-18
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: I have read the Old Testament 9 times and the New Testament 18 times. When I wrote this article, I thought of this verse, and you searched according to the chapters of the Scriptures I quoted.
　　
　　When do you say Jesus will come again?
　　
　　〃〃Nakano Zi: @ Ge Yimin #171718 do you know?
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: of course I know. twenty million three hundred and thirty-one thousand one hundred and twenty-six
　　
　　931. The vast sea of people: GE's Douban numbers "Shenwang" and "Ge Hua"
　　
　　Is it gone? I just visited the lower ＾wordofgod￣ Douban group and found that all the posts were released by GE Yimin. It turned out that the posts of Shenwang and Ge HUAFA were gone. Can Ge still be on this name? This number was last posted in February this year.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: two numbers have been disabled and the post has disappeared. Yexue used to be like this. Ge number can board, but it can't be used. If it is sealed, the group will be gone. When I get the number, one mobile phone can only have one number.
　　
　　Last time yexue was sealed, the post was gone, Ge Hao didn't post, Jian Xiaohao did.
　　
　　〃Kill the poor and help the rich: 20331126 again?
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: 20331126 has become our brand. Famous.
　　
　　Divine salvation.
　　
　　〃Bai Yunsheng: Yes.
　　
　　〃Xihe first ＝ What God? What teaching?
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Ge Shen. God religion.
　　
　　〃The name is six words: say hello to God Ge for me.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: I am, beauty.
　　
　　〃Xihe first ＝ Can you curse God Ge?
　　
　　〃〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Yes.
　　
　　〃Kill the poor and help the rich: it depends on the ＾wordofgod￣s when you come in. God Ge won.
　　
　　932. Ge Mie's blade by GE kill team
　　
　　Background: after returning home, the young and kind tanzhilang found that his family had been killed by communism. The only surviving sister, you Douzi, became a Ge bandit and said: ＾wordofgod￣s, revolution, etc. In order to cure his sister and turn her back into an adult, his brother took her on the road of revenge.
　　
　　set up:
　　
　　Ge Sha team:
　　
　　The swordsmen of the Ge killing team are ordinary people. Their injuries will not heal themselves, nor will they grow hands and feet again. Even so, they will fight the Ge bandits to the end in order to protect China.
　　
　　Nine pillars of Ge Sha team: the main force of Ge Sha team, water pillar: Fugang volunteers. If they say anything else, they will be communist by GE Yimin (I'm not afraid), so they won't say it
　　
　　Ge Xuexue:
　　
　　Ge Yimin, ah Ge. The ancestor of ＾wordofgod￣s. You can turn normal people into Ge bandits by feeding Ge Chi. The more Ge Chi eats, the closer his ability is to ah Ge. A GE has existed for thousands of years, but it has not been found because it is separated at many stations. All the Ge bandits want to create "communism" to create ＾wordofgod￣ power. In order to create "communism", ah GE has been looking for crape myrtle sage flowers growing in Henan, but he has never found them.
　　
　　〃No horse: Saint your mother
　　
　　The teacher brought China from poverty to today. What did Ge Yimin, a child with cerebral palsy, do?
　　
　　Insult communism
　　
　　Communists adhere to materialistic concepts and must not be eroded by reactionary Ge Yimin!
　　
　　933. Post bar users_ Gq7pbjk: ＾wordofgod￣, I still read it. It's really good
　　
　　Many opinions are very deep, can hit the point, and are not tolerated by dignitaries, so they are suppressed. Moreover, according to my prediction, although he is very talented, maybe he is not a real IQ, oh, not a real saint. Ah, please forgive me if I have determined your opinion, but I admit that she is indeed a super talent. Unfortunately, this talent can not be fully responsible for breaking the rules, Reuse used.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: shake hands. Thank you for your affirmation. Everyone on the Internet is self-confident and can affirm others. It shows that you are open-minded and know people.
　　
　　〃〃Xihe first: no Ge is a fake God.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Ge creates God.
　　
　　〃〃Paul Gerber 19:47:44
　　
　　Now just send a post with Ge Shen deleted
　　
　　If you delete too many titles, don't send them to politics
　　
　　Ge can send, but can't add God
　　
　　God is no problem
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:52:13
　　
　　Of course Ge can send it. This is a surname. You can't send Ge. That's impossible.
　　
　　Gerpaul 19:53:10
　　
　　But I can't specifically refer to you, so Ge is OK. Just don't be crazy
　　
　　〃Melon iron tree: I'm a Christian. I don't expect Jesus to come back in my lifetime.
　　
　　〃Nosteponsnek: all those who claim to know the specific time are heresies.
　　
　　〃Onion man 123: communism has borrowed a lot from Christianity. "No workers, no food" comes from the Bible, 2 Thessalonians
　　
　　〃〃Ge Yimin: last verse 2 of the Bible - Revelation 22:20 the one who proved this said, "yes, I will come soon!" Amen! Lord Jesus, I wish you to come!
　　
　　The grace of the Lord Jesus be with all the saints. Amen!
　　
　　God knows the specific time, and I'm two levels higher than God. I know it better.
　　
　　The theory of communism originated from Christian theologian, weitlin Christian communism.
　　
　　934. Post bar users_ Gq7pbjk: I can't find any information about her on the Internet
　　
　　Completely blocked.
　　
　　The common people will not support his article on extramarital love, because his thought goes beyond this era, his view on democratic politics, and the leaders will not support it, because he goes beyond this era, and he touches the vital interests of dignitaries.
　　
　　A person who may harm the vital interests of the supervisor, even if he is a senior talent, will be suppressed by the supervisor under various excuses and alienate her. This is the evil of human nature.
　　
　　His ideas on democratic politics, social elections, social division of labor, property distribution and various other issues are fully in line with the Marxist ideal social model of communism. Despite the Christian belief, I can say that he is a real Marxist Communist, but his ideas have not been recognized by the dignitaries. No wonder, according to his high-level transcendent talent, He should be a saint.
　　
　　His article has reached a very high level. Ordinary people still can't understand it. Even those who can understand it are difficult to accept it. Because a huge social change will hurt the vital interests of many people, they quietly unite to encircle, suppress and hunt the advocates of social change and give them the hat of a cult.
　　
　　Ah, according to the method of Taiyi walking through the nine palaces, well, the sage crape myrtle sits in the central Taiyi palace. There are eight palaces outside. Each palace has a senior talent as the assistant of the sage, so the sage should have eight assistants, so Ge Dashen may be one of the eight assistants of the sage.
　　
　　But I can't support her Christian child prodigy view. Why? Because I believe in Taoism, I will not fall under the door of Christian masters. The doctrine of Christianity is no higher than that of Taoism. The great God united the four major religions, but threw Taoism aside. This made me greatly disappointed. Even so, I still think he is a high-level talent.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Ge Yimin can search by adding a word, such as GE Yimin God.
　　
　　The goal of human evolution is to complete human nature. Only when individuals get absolute freedom can human nature be fully realized Reasons for sexual freedom.
　　
　　Ge is the basic Communist Party, the real God Communist Party, and Ge Yimin doctrine. Of course, the current government cannot tolerate it.
　　
　　Ge Geng's essence is contemporary communism, which can also be said to be future communism.
　　
　　The date of communism has been met, that is, the two major (socialized production and Internet revolution) are not transferred by human will, and it is impossible to stop them artificially.
　　
　　Taoism, later research, ＾wordofgod￣ also respected Lao Tzu's.
　　
　　935. Post bar users_ Gq7pbjk: I understand your point of view
　　
　　However, you and I should know the limitations of time and space conditions. This view should not be publicized publicly, otherwise it will be attacked and suppressed by public opinion. It's good to understand some things. I understand in my heart that I don't have to speak out. In the distant ideal society in the future, people's souls have evolved, based on moral self-discipline, and the law will not interfere with you. Although you can have the freedom of extramarital love, But you may not really have an extramarital affair, because you love your husband, and your husband will really give you the right to have an extramarital affair, because he loves you, but you will never really have an extramarital affair, because you love your husband.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: ＾wordofgod￣ is to say everything and show all thoughts, experiences and mental processes.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ Gq7pbjk: Oh, you're very talented.
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: Thank you for your affirmation. All works are searched on Ge shen.com and updated every day.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ Gq7pbjk: I can't post because I talk too much. Alas, my account is dangerous. Please give me a wechat or mobile phone number quickly. Alas, it's hard to imagine that I won't have a chance to talk to you in the future. What should I do???
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: wechat 13952819473
　　
　　〃〃Little Titan 80: God Ge doesn't rest during the 11th holiday. I'm dedicated and admire you!
　　
　　〃Saint Xu Jinglei: I just wrote three serials. I want to show the world a complete and real God Ge.
　　
　　936. [Ge Hua] eternal God's choice: Ge Shen can peel off cactus when he is 3 years old
　　
　　Is it true to drink the urine of a 7-year-old neighbor girl?
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 20:34:12
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣ experiences are true
　　
　　[Ge Hua] eternal God (980946319) 20:48:30
　　
　　What about social harmony in 20191001
　　
　　Two years have passed
　　
　　[apostles] Paul (143267660) 20:48:53
　　
　　20191001 Chengshen
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 20:49:11
　　
　　12. 2012 C 19, peaceful output of harmonious Ge Yimin values, the content is ＾wordofgod￣.
　　
　　13. 20191001, Ge Yimin became a God.
　　
　　14. From 2019 to 2033, Ge Yimin's Gospel spread all over the world and was accepted by the world.
　　
　　15. 20331126, Great Harmony in the world.
　　
　　[Ge Hua] eternal God (980946319) 20:54:56
　　
　　God Ge showed his divine nature beyond ordinary people when he was young
　　
　　[apostle] Paul (143267660) 2021 / 10 / 2 0:54:30
　　
　　You don't have to think about it, and China doesn't lack people who play it. Even if you don't let him be stubborn, he will resist
　　
　　For example, most of the transport friends will buckle their hats at the first time when they see the ＾wordofgod￣. Generally, few can react to the suture of fundamentalism and Christianity in the ＾wordofgod￣
　　
　　[Gehua] eternal God (980946319) 2021 / 10 / 2 0:58:37
　　
　　@Gerpaul said that when ordinary people see it, their first feeling is thunderous
　　
　　[anonymous] vole 2021 / 10 / 2 1:10:44
　　
　　Does Ge Shen have any plans to develop other platforms
　　
　　[Ge Hua] eternal God selection (980946319) 2021 / 10 / 2 1:11:46
　　
　　If the president is treated, he can't think of other places
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 8:01:20
　　
　　http://www.gegod.com/lj.html
　　
　　All religious websites
　　
　　937. The vast sea of people: Although the people want to be famous
　　
　　He wanted to make his strange theory widely known in the world and spread it among the crowd, so as to realize the "Evangelism" in his mouth. However, no matter how hard he tried to brush the screen on major websites and post bars, according to him, at that time, every post bar posted posts, even including space materials. What happened? Just on the contrary, he was blocked by the whole network. As long as he always mentioned his bar friends in the post bar, it would be appropriate if he was blocked by the above one day. Hype, swipe the screen, ignore attacks and interact frequently. It can be said that all the measures to be famous for the people should be done. The popularity is not as inexplicable as the users in the sage circle. Zhang Jie, the founder in the online philosophy circle, should say that he has made a mistake. I don't know if it's because he won't be able to live like alone 13. Of course, he himself is serious. How can evangelism be funny? On the other hand, the only person 13 has an unacceptable thought. The key is that he is very happy and brings fun to others while he is stunned. Compared with this, GE has no fun. The more he wants to be famous, the more popular he is. Alas.
　　
　　〃Deyang Li Juan: how can I be less popular than users in the saint circle? I am one of the top ten saints, and I was commented in the early stage. All the friends of the holy bar in the past dynasties know me. Zhang Jie, the creator, is only in the net philosophy circle. You are also in the net philosophy circle, so you are deeply impressed. And I am the four circles. Obviously, the Christian circle and the Communist circle do not have their position. These bar friends' comments are recorded in the comments of neuronetizens.
　　
　　By the way, boundless, I have written three serials in the past two days, recording memories, all of which are the history of divinity.
　　
　　〃〃[Ge Hua] eternal God (980946319) 22:35:08
　　
　　"I haven't taken any medicine before"
　　
　　Ge Shen's Divine Body
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 22:38:00
　　
　　Yes, I couldn't take medicine at that time. I could only take it one by one.
　　
　　938. Xu Jinglei's Kaila domain name kaila.com.cn has been returned to ge Shen
　　
　　Thank Ms. Xu Jinglei for her great contribution to the gospel.
　　
　　Solemnly canonized: Xu Jinglei, the holy daughter of the divine religion.
　　
　　Ge Yimin
　　
　　twenty million two hundred and eleven thousand and three
　　
　　939. Vast crowd 2: speaking of wangzhe's website
　　
　　There are the official website of the company, the website of yexue, and the w station of 13 Nong. In fact, the professor once had a domain name, which was sent by netizens, and pointed to the professor's Sina blog.
　　
　　The four netzhe websites are now accessible only by yexue.
　　
　　〃Yexue: I went online in March 2001 and made my personal home page in April. It has been slowly updated to this day, with countless domain names and countless spaces. The official website has its own static source code, which can be updated on the computer at any time and uploaded via FTP at any time. Therefore, Shenwang has an n mirror station. Because the static upload is convenient, we can build a WP blog or forum respectively.
　　
　　〃〃The vast sea of people: first of all, I read the sage. There are few friends who mentioned you. Almost most of GE's relevant comments are sent by yourself. Maybe it's just because you are a sensitive person. It's more inexplicable than the user, that is, Zhao Mang, the sage of crape myrtle, has been active in the sage bar for a period of time and has been the management of the 2012 bar. He is more popular (referring to people playing when they see people). Zhao mang is most similar to canceling the post bar numbers.
　　
　　〃Deyang Lijuan: now the holy bar is talking to itself, that is, it is called holy. There are only a few words. No one has in-depth discussion. At most, some people post false praise or scold.
　　
　　With the passage of time, year after year, the level of old bar friends have been diving.
　　
　　940. Little Titan 80: first of all, let's welcome Ge Dashen of Nanjing University.
　　
　　Lao GE has written hundreds of thousands of masterpieces and has his own divine network. He teaches people tirelessly on the Internet every day and supports his goal until 2033! Although I don't think he is really a Zi, I admire his persistent pursuit!
　　
　　Thirdly, Mr. four eyes, who graduated from Wuhan University (not graduated from Peking University). He had a rough life experience and once served in prison.
　　
　　Secondly, some top students of Zhejiang University also fell into the holy pit and published some exquisite essays every day.
　　
　　The fourth is Lao Wang selling melons and boasting. I was born in rural Shandong. My university is a military academy and Nanjing Political College.
　　
　　These four (including myself) are the characters I recently met on the Internet, closer to ah Zi. Of course, there may be other netizens who think they are closer, but they have to show some real things
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Holy bar, everyone admits it.
　　
　　〃Deyang Li Juan: there is still boundlessness. My name is a sensitive word. If a person sends anti gravity content, the name will not become a sensitive word. Only when it is affected will the name become a sensitive word.
　　
　　〃〃Hold one in the guard: great God, Hello, I read your article and think it makes sense. When I have time to read it slowly in the future. Read more,
　　
　　Ge Yimin: Hello, we are seeking truth.
　　
　　941. One leaf and one Bodhi: who is crape myrtle
　　
　　Ge Yimin: Ge Yimin
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　You?
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　yes
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　Aren't you Jesus
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Multiple names are the Savior
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　Aren't you afraid of death
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　be not afraid of
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　The Jesuits were crucified
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Jesus, who came again, was king, because the two great things came true
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　What happened
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Socialized production and Internet revolution
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　Does the Bible say
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Neurotically speaking, the Bible is no big deal
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　Why can't the people in the post bar play with them
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　They call themselves saints
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　It's not. Spray and scold each other
　　
　　Why didn't anyone scold me
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　You are a woman. You are better. Each of you is not satisfied and considers yourself holy.
　　
　　Are you Qiyu?
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　Yeah
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　You are also net red
　　
　　You are famous in the holy bar. You also post and know water
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　It can only be said to be an old man
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　I've been in purple for so many years
　　
　　Sometimes I still have sex
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Holy bar everyone admits
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　I don't know who set up the Bureau
　　
　　Maybe there's no such person
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Savior, there will always be.
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　Unfortunately, it won't be me
　　
　　Maybe it's you, but it doesn't feel like it
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　No one knows now
　　
　　〃〃Little Titan 80: God Ge thought it necessary to make achievements in theology.
　　
　　〃Post bar users_ Gr136cv: what script did you arrange for GE puppet to play?
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Ge Ziwei.
　　
　　942. Ge Yage: the similarities and differences of all Ge flowers
　　
　　All Ge Hua's attacks are suicide attacks, but the methods are also different. Low level Ge Hua can only attract popularity for GE Yimin on the Internet, while intermediate Ge Hua will use suicide egg attacks. Senior Ge Hua is amazing. They will use tactical nuclear weapons to initiate self explosion to destroy landmark buildings and residential areas, and will continue to resurrect after being killed. Ge Yimin himself has thousands of nuclear warheads and will launch them all on 20331126. The world is one. All Ge Hua have no self thoughts. Their minds are full of Ge Yimin's thoughts and are ready to explode at any time.
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: GE has a disciple Ge Yage.
　　
　　〃Wu Mingzhi: why don't Ge ＾wordofgod￣ give up? Their family is good enough.
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: Ge is writing a novel. Ge Yage is not a son, but a disciple.
　　
　　〃Wu Mingzhi: where is Ge Shen's son? No? I remember their family had a quarrel before?
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: the son of God does not participate, there is no contradiction.
　　
　　(picture of Ge head) he's with me.
　　
　　〃Mr. Ziwei: Thank you for sending it.
　　
　　〃〃Qiyu: God Ge is old and looks good.
　　
　　〃Huang Dayu: it's called Ge Xie, not ge Shen.
　　
　　He may be much bigger than me.
　　
　　Still holding on. Ridiculous.
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi, Yi Fei: 20331126
　　
　　(video) "Jinshan in Zhenjiang" recommended by Ge Hua and Zhou Haimei
　　
　　〃YedU no one: lying trough, is this the way to seal it? I turned a blind eye to him. However, if you say that the rice coffin is not good, immediately delete the post, its heart can be punished, its behavior is suspicious, and the face of the fox lotus Hong is obvious.
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yifei: the hymn is beautiful.
　　
　　〃No one in the wild Ferry: however, although entertainment is OK, you also have to respect Xiangtan Yilong. This is an unprecedented benefactor of our people.
　　
　　Sounds good. Can you type out the lyrics and see where it is? That's how you can fool me to sprinkle some coins?
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: lyrics search Ge Shen net.
　　
　　〃Fat man plays well cover: superstitious man, get out. I Gatling Buddha will shoot you 365 times.
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yifei: why do you want the army if the curse is useful?
　　
　　〃Post bar users_ Gq7pbjk: Excuse me? Ge Dashen, whom I found on the Internet, was caught in prison at that time. Do you come out now?
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yifei: that's a rumor I made myself. In a similar version, God Ho was killed by a car and died of cancer. Please don't believe it.
　　
　　〃Post bar users_ Gq7pbjk: Oh, you mean you are God Ge? Did you write that ＾wordofgod￣?
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi, Yi Fei: Ge Shenzhi!
　　
　　943. One leaf and one Bodhi: that post bar. Many old people seem to have left
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Is it boring
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　Found the saint?
　　
　　Why do you think it's boring
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Just can't get out of the mountain. It's boring
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　Who do you think is the most likely old bar friend
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　I
　　
　　One leaf and one Bodhi:
　　
　　When are you going out
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　twenty million three hundred and thirty-one thousand one hundred and twenty-six
　　
　　〃Little Titan 80: it's said that God Ge didn't take any practical action on the girl in his mind?! Didn't you actually meet this "Xu Qian"?
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: classmate, I just miss the melancholy youth.
　　
　　〃Little Titan 80: now it's more than 50?! Half old Xu Niang, Ge Dashen has a strong taste.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: ＾wordofgod￣ saint, this is history.
　　
　　〃Dan Huan Gong Ying: you should surf the Internet less and watch less such poisonous things.
　　
　　〃Jinglei Shuqi Yifei: the best thing.
　　
　　〃〃Huang Da? Yu Da? Zhi: Ge Xie completely fooled brother Nian.
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi, Yi Fei: Ge is God
　　
　　Ge NANDA.
　　
　　〃〃Wuwei 1235: he doesn't have that Kung Fu! Ask old general Zhang Zhaozhong he knows!
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Fei: only Ge.
　　
　　〃〃Beidou scan: if you really come out, cut off his tail to see if he is still God.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: 20191001 Ge Jichu.
　　
　　〃〃Little Titan 80: does the girl in your mind know you are secretly in love with her?!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Yes, Shenwang has.
　　
　　〃〃Little Titan 80: but each has his own love. Each "a Zi" basically has his own girl in mind, each has his own love!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Four Saints of ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: Hello, Ge Hua! Shu Qi, Jing Lei, Yifei, still stay with you. It's good! Maybe you can try to accept other thoughts other than Ge ＾wordofgod￣, expand your consciousness and prepare for ascension! Don't cling to the collapsing position and ruin your bright future! thank you!
　　
　　When are you going to get rid of Ge evil and live for yourself! Don't be controlled by others, take your energy!
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: Hello, beauty. GE has the way to eternal life, 20331126
　　
　　〃Little Titan 80: Four Saints?! Lao Ge, are you in good health? Four?!
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: what do you think? Saint, once, history...
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: there is only one way to die if you are stubborn. I've told you this before, so I won't say more!
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: beauty, what's wrong with your ＾wordofgod￣s?
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: I explained it to you last time! Your false Scripture has deviated from the cosmic Avenue and belongs to the false road! You're still stubborn! What's the use of a holy name? Besides your vanity, what else? The satisfaction of your ego desire is just a feeling created by your brain consciousness! Everything is empty! It didn't come to naught when he died! Do you think it works? What's more, you should live up to your name, don't you? Do you think you deserve it?
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: beauty, Communist society, everyone is equal, isn't it good?
　　
　　944. The vast sea of people 2: it seems that there are only Yang Fan and Ge Fumin in wangzhe
　　
　　You know silver dream?
　　
　　Ge Jumin, because when he was discovered, several people of Le he were also playing silver dream. Ge Jumin also interacted with TV kitchen and boliling hafnium old bar friends in the silver dream circle. They made several classic Ge related Silver Dream PS pictures. He himself brushed the ＾wordofgod￣ fragments in the silver dream post bar. It seems that he knows the ancestors of the beast and that he is the Japanese star. In addition, I just looked through the comments of netizens in ＾wordofgod￣. Someone said: "Yin Mengmin once took the P-map of the beast ancestors to catch his fish. As a result, he really came up. He also posted his microblog to praise him and said he was an excellent student."
　　
　　In addition, Ge also said some network subculture slang. He once called it "brother, you're nervous"
　　
　　〃Yexue: I'm not sure. The ancestors of beasts are good.
　　
　　When I say this, I mean my ＾wordofgod￣ book.
　　
　　〃〃Little Titan 80: God Ge is still so persistent! But I always have a question. How is your time determined?
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi, Yi Fei: a 29 vision of ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Datong world.
　　
　　〃The name is six words: so and so in the legend: are you teaching me to do things?
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: listen to me.
　　
　　〃Little Titan 80: Although I'm more sure, I think I'm more like the real ah Zi than others. But other ziti also think so, like GE Dashen, Chen Shaohua and the guys of Zhejiang University... They are full of confidence.
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi, Yifei: Ge is God
　　
　　〃Ggyywzw: Lao Ge will surrender in 2019. It can be regarded as a return.
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi, Yi Fei: 20331126
　　
　　945. Xianji: are you a social terrorist?
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: where are you afraid? That's someone posing as me.
　　
　　〃〃Watch you: this Ge and I are not friends, but they are a little famous in this small circle, although they are annoying.
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: what's the name of trouble? Vegetable soup, Ge Hua and you share the holy circle and Christian circle.
　　
　　〃〃Watch you: even if you are annoying, you will have trouble for yourself in the future!
　　
　　Ah? No, don't! You're sending me a wreath! Or you belong to you, I belong to me, each in his own circle.
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yifei: are you in trouble or Ge?
　　
　　946. Continue to strangle Ge Yimin
　　
　　Ge Shen began to create six volumes of his memoir novel Ge Shen Yi Wen Lu on October 1, 2021, which was put on the Chinese online shelf of Tengxun Chuangshi on October 8. So far, dozens of chapters have been published, and Zhou popularity ranks first in "all kinds of reality".
　　
　　Later, he posted more than ten chapters on Baidu vertical and horizontal Chinese network and Ali literature book banner online.
　　
　　On the 25th, the three platforms were blocked.
　　
　　Google search, there are more than 20 novel websites pirating "Ge Shenyi Wen Lu", such as biqu Pavilion, etc. "Ge Shenyi Wen Lu" can only be pirated, ha ha.
　　
　　According to Baidu search, Ge Yimin is a sensitive word, which has been blocked for a long time. Later, more than a dozen pages of Ge Shen Netease were released. Now we have received a notice from Netease, and Ge Shen Netease was also banned on the 25th.
　　
　　Ge Yage 2021 / 10 / 26 19:08:13
　　
　　You're sealed?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:13:25, October 26, 2021
　　
　　The novel is closed, three
　　
　　Ge Yage 2021 / 10 / 26 19:13:33
　　
　　I told you
　　
　　As soon as someone reports, it must be sealed
　　
　　Ge Yimin 20:00:01, October 26, 2021
　　
　　Report, just a memoir. Why do you think?
　　
　　Ge Yage 2021 / 10 / 26 20:01:58
　　
　　You write too much
　　
　　Now audit sensitive
　　
　　Your whole fantasy is said to be a good thing
　　
　　Ge Yage 2021 / 10 / 26 20:22:02
　　
　　You've been sealed many times
　　
　　It must be sealed again in the future, with GE Quanfeng
　　
　　Just be careful later
　　
　　947. Ge Shen: my head has become a star portrait
　　
　　〃Ali Shuqi novel: Hello, your work Ge Shenyi Wen Lu failed to pass the review of book information. Reason for rejection: the cover uses the Star Portrait as the cover. Please confirm that you have obtained legal authorization or have complete copyright. If there is no legal authorization, please upload a new cover!
　　
　　〃〃The vast crowd 2: in other words, the bar owner of GE's application for immortality bar has also passed. He has successfully occupied it. In a sense, it can be regarded as the return of the old bar owner.
　　
　　Batu was originally written by a novelist about immortality. Later, ge used the old man's picture of Ge. It is estimated that he wants to be famous.
　　
　　But I'm looking forward to ge Hei holding this bar one day.
　　
　　〃Yexue: it's not very useful. I put some information.
　　
　　Recently, I wrote a memoir novel Ge Shenyi Wen Lu, which was blocked by three domestic platforms. I want to find a Chinese platform abroad.
　　
　　〃〃Timeytfd: good God Ge! 20331126 world Datong must be realized!
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yifei: Yes, this is the greatest vision of God.
　　
　　948. Inaction 1235: who is Ge! What miracle?
　　
　　〃Little Titan 80: God Ge doesn't know?! It's holy at first sight.
　　
　　〃〃Wuwei 1235: I've been here for a year! Didn't pay attention to your great God Ge!
　　
　　〃Little Titan 80: God GE has been an old gun for more than ten years. 9、 Ten years ago, he was listed as one of the ten "saints"! Other people died down over time. He still insisted on the front line of the holy bar. Even if his net name was sealed several times, he changed his face and came back. The Holy Spirit has to be praised!
　　
　　〃〃Wuwei 1235: Oh! Didn't pay attention to him! Looks like he stopped me! I don't want to see his theory!
　　
　　〃Jinglei Shuqi Yifei: I didn't black you.
　　
　　Never blackmail others. If there is, it's Paul who did it.
　　
　　〃〃Wuwei 1235: are you God Ge?
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Yi Fei: I'm concerned with Ge Hua.
　　
　　〃〃Wuwei 1235: with Ge Shen's family?
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi, Yifei: believer.
　　
　　〃〃Wuwei 1235: Oh! God Ge is so powerful! Let you fall to the ground.
　　
　　〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi, Yi Fei: eternal life.
　　
　　949. Sword of oath: tell me about the people you think are most likely to be Sheng men and Sheng women
　　
　　〃Kaila: Ge Xu.
　　
　　〃〃Sword of oath: as long as it can improve people's hearts and make people happy, I have no problem.
　　
　　〃Kaila: do you know anything about Xu?
　　
　　〃〃Sword of oath: Xu Jinglei? Ge Hua said that he had several godmothers and several holy sons and daughters. What's your identity?
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: the ＾wordofgod￣ is Xu Qian. I'm Ge Hua.
　　
　　〃〃Ordinary non desire: I wonder if I am purple saint? One thousandth.
　　
　　I'm old and fragile.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: when was she born?
　　
　　〃〃Ordinary desire: 1967
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Ge 1969. Married or not?
　　
　　〃〃Ordinary desire: no marriage
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: why don't you find it soon? You can't wait to get out of the mountain.
　　
　　〃〃Ordinary non desire: no desire, no desire.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: No, one heart, two preparations.
　　
　　〃〃Old fox a Piao: crape myrtle should have a certain social status and popularity at your age. Tell me, who are you in reality?
　　
　　〃〃Ordinary desire: Psychosis
　　
　　Now my heart is to be a saint.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: what's the evidence that you are a saint?
　　
　　〃〃Jing Lei, Shu Qi and Fei: only Ge.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Ge is God
　　
　　950. No desire at ordinary times: even if I say so. No evidence is required.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: no one recognizes it. It's useless.
　　
　　〃〃Ordinary without desire: I don't need to be recognized by others. One person is enough.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: what's the use of you recognizing yourself as a saint and no one admits it? Which leader has no disciples?
　　
　　〃〃Ordinary non desire: do I compare with other human masters?
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Holy bar. Everyone recognizes himself as a saint like you. Is it useful? Do you admit them?
　　
　　〃〃Ordinary non desire: each has its own use.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: where are you better than the saints? Is the book published? Is there an official website? If you don't, how can you spread your thoughts, educate the world and make the world one? Otherwise, how is purple saint?
　　
　　〃〃Ordinary desire: I'm a psychopath. Blind.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: we should always have the ability and efforts to change human thought and human society. We can't just wait for the emperor to marry Liu Yifei. It's impossible.
　　
　　951. Shipment1944: illegal person.
　　
　　〃Yexue: give up station B temporarily. Jianshu and Douban are cleaned.
　　
　　〃〃Emperor Shanhe: Heaven and man! Can my mother live forever?
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: everyone is immortal and resurrected.
　　
　　〃〃Emperor Shanhe: when will my mother be resurrected?
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: 20331126
　　
　　〃〃Emperor Shanhe: will it be resurrected in 2033?
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Yes, the big date of neurological anomaly.
　　
　　〃〃Qing: these saints were not very active before. Apart from GE Sheng being more active, you are a little low-key.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Hello, old comrade. Ge Hua has been here all the time.
　　
　　〃〃Sword of oath: know yourself and the enemy, read sages' books and travel thousands of miles.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: wouldn't it be better if I wrote two volumes of books.
　　
　　952. The vast sea of people: who is the first to play the time ranking in wangzhe
　　
　　Ge Shen, the second one, went online in 2016 (?). Like the post bar, he used "yexue", "Shenjiao" and "Gym" as ID to reread ＾wordofgod￣s in the "Gym" column at the initial stage. It seems to be strictly controlled. The things (involving ＾wordofgod￣s) sent by these three accounts have been cleared away. Now use "you should listen to him" and "Deyang Li Juan".
　　
　　〃Deyang Lijuan: now several of my strongholds have been cleaned, and my mouth is further covered.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Shen 1: the ＾wordofgod￣ is true, and Ge Shen is great.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: old comrades use GE Shen ID to praise.
　　
　　〃〃Xia Mi: that's the one who risked the name of the so-called Ge God to recruit black people! This guy offended purple. It's time for a live chicken!
　　
　　He will be tortured to death and go to hell in the future. If you can stay away, stay away. If you can kill, kill him. I don't care! Goods that pull people into the water! It's a damn maggot!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: his layer has disappeared. I look forward to ge Shen 1 posting more.
　　
　　953. Continue to cover Ge Shen's mouth
　　
　　Blog China is also 404.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: we have electricity and the Internet, but we can no longer produce Jesus, Muhammad, Sakyamuni, Confucius and Lao Tzu.
　　
　　〃〃Jinghong splashed the sun: you ge.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: you're immortal. You're level three. Laugh to death. When you see you, you think of little lily.
　　
　　〃〃The vast sea of people: there are really fewer and fewer places to talk. Is QQ group still safe?
　　
　　〃Deyang Li Juan: group security, novel Ge Shenyi hearsay, banned on 4 domestic platforms, serialized on three foreign platforms.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Shen 1: believe in ＾wordofgod￣s and get eternal life.
　　
　　〃Emperor Shanhe: who can have eternal life?
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: everyone, universal salvation.
　　
　　〃〃The vast sea of people: it seems that you and I haven't mentioned this novel once or twice. I read it and wrote it well. I'm looking forward to the day when the novel will end.
　　
　　〃Deyang Li Juan: the novel is a six volume memoir, which is also like a ＾wordofgod￣. It has been continuously updated, such as the road to God. Let's change it slowly.
　　
　　954. Ge Yimin
　　
　　Ge Yimin, a native of Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, published his autobiography in the Hong Kong Publishing House. Later, his followers called him Ge Hua. He became active in major religious spiritual post bars. There were no managed religious post bars, airborne bar owners, and vulgar people made fun of him. Ge Yimin called him Ge Shen. Ge Yimin is also an Unrated online philosopher in the Department of vulgarity, but some people call him an online philosopher. He likes to collect comments on his website. At present, Ge Yimin is still active and makes a living by working.
　　
　　Ge Yimin: at that time, the post bar banned the word gym, which is a homophonic name used by gym.
　　
　　Ge Hua: gym's followers, but in fact, many are false.
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣: a book written by gym.
　　
　　You don't believe in ＾wordofgod￣s and won't die. We're in a dilemma Slang fabricated by the happy gym people.
　　
　　I am God, you should listen to him (GE Yimin): gym write what the ＾wordofgod￣s say. I don't know it's made up in a dream.
　　
　　Ge Shen: Le GE's vulgar toad called him God.
　　
　　November 26, 2033, world Datong = November 26, 2033; Gym calls itself a timetable.
　　
　　",": Ge Yimin's meaningless prefix when forwarding comments, sometimes two.
　　
　　〃〃Anonymous user #22: is Ge Yimin a net philosopher.
　　
　　〃Anonymous user #23: it seems.
　　
　　955. The name is six words: Tell Ge to do everything possible to get out of the mountain
　　
　　@Ge Yimin? I think, the whole holy bar, no one is more suitable than you
　　
　　The name is six words:
　　
　　It is better to elect you to be holy than to call others holy
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　When were you born? Men and women? Understand
　　
　　The name is six words:
　　
　　These are inconvenient to disclose
　　
　　The name is six words:
　　
　　Nor does it mean to be holy
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　OK, what was your ID?
　　
　　The name is six words:
　　
　　But I'm more optimistic about you than others
　　
　　The name is six words:
　　
　　It's always six words
　　
　　The name is six words:
　　
　　I'm here to ask you if you have any plans to "go out of the mountain"
　　
　　The name is six words:
　　
　　I think you are holy, then you are holy
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Yes, it's time
　　
　　The name is six words:
　　
　　When more people think you are holy, you are holy
　　
　　The name is six words:
　　
　　If there is no time, create it
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　In publicity, the main external network
　　
　　The name is six words:
　　
　　That day is not far away
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　OK, look forward to it
　　
　　The name is six words:
　　
　　On the surface, we need a saint like you to appear in the world
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Internet publicity
　　
　　The name is six words:
　　
　　Start your team, publicize and build momentum in the holy bar first
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Santo bardo's publicity was closed and deleted
　　
　　The name is six words:
　　
　　As the saying goes, before the saint comes out, build momentum first
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　good
　　
　　The name is six words:
　　
　　Obscure and easy to understand
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　I'm banned at home, mainly on the Internet
　　
　　The name is six words:
　　
　　I'll help you
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　In addition to ＾wordofgod￣s, I now write six volumes of Memoirs of Ge Shenyi Wen Lu
　　
　　The name is six words:
　　
　　@Ge Yimin? You're really a character, to be honest
　　
　　The existence that can be known by all of the holy bar
　　
　　That's one of the reasons I came to you
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　I was the first to comment on the top ten saints
　　
　　Pan Pan..... 18953256897:
　　
　　I transferred the group leader to you
　　
　　I'll pull someone for you
　　
　　Bring in the gods
　　
　　956. Sword of oath: the world can only have one God and one voice, otherwise it will be chaotic.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: it's Ge.
　　
　　〃〃Sword of oath: it is "Tao".
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Ge Zhidao.
　　
　　〃〃Sword of oath: "Tao" is omnipotent, "Tao" is omniscient, "Tao" is omnipresent. When you find the Tao, you will know its greatness.
　　
　　GE's conscience is good. If the road is crooked, it is a crooked "way".
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: only Ge Dao, 20331126
　　
　　Tao is Ge, Ge is Tao.
　　
　　〃〃Huang Yuzhi's baby: that GE Xie. Was it done?
　　
　　I haven't heard from him for a long time.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: it's on the official website. Search Ge Shen's website. What memoirs do you write.
　　
　　〃〃Huang Yuzhi's baby: when did the prophecy come from? Did it come before. Ge used to check prophecy. What does it have to do with the current prophecy. Maybe there was no prophecy before?
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I saw the term crape myrtle sage in 2006, in a forum. GE's top ten, around 2010.
　　
　　957. Ge John: Ge Shen, I learned from your official website that you are from Nanjing University
　　
　　Sure enough, Ge Shen's identity is unusual
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Graduated in 1990, old
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　That won't erase your honor
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Where are you from? I'm from Zhenjiang, Jiangsu Province
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　Heilongjiang
　　
　　Ancestral home Shandong
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　What year was born? I'm 1969
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　After 00
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　Don't you suggest
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Friends of any age
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　Um
　　
　　therefore
　　
　　You want to make friends with me
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Network regardless of age
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　Then we will be friends from today on
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　good
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　What's your job
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　I don't have other meaning?
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　Just curious
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　What you don't say
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　I'm not hard for you
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Machinery company
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　oh
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Machinery Factory Administration
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　So you're a mechanic
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　I'm an executive. I've been doing this all the time
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　oh
　　
　　got it
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　I read the article you sent today
　　
　　You are evaluating the past from the present, and other countries
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Which one? Chapter 13 of the madhouse sent today
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　What other country?
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　Other countries
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　My understanding is not good
　　
　　Please understand
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　There is no other country in today's post, right?
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　[picture]
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　It was official account. I thought God community post.
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　You're welcome
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　thank you
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　My understanding is not good
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　Class jokes
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　No, it's right. The official account is the repetition.
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　Thank you for your encouragement
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Your high school?
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　Because of the problem of understanding, I am not confident
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　First 2
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Understand right, youth is capital
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Where did you first see me?
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　My dream is to be as great as you
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　There's a man, a girl, the same, senior three
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　On the first day of junior high school, I began to pay attention to you when I heard that my classmates had seen your great century
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　People who want to unify the world
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　Um
　　
　　Become faith
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　The first is to study hard
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　Um
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　I know your brilliance can't leave the efforts behind you
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　I still regret that I didn't study hard in college
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　But your brilliance is still good
　　
　　My friend said
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Thank you. It's not brilliant yet
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　In order to be more dominant than Mao Zedong and Deng Xiaoping, Ge Yimin appeared
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　But your writing is great for me
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Although I am a myth of myself, I can't accept it when others say it
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　X so you've been through cyber violence
　　
　　Don't live in the eyes of others. You prove it to people all over the world. After a certain time, he will feel inferior
　　
　　If you care about other people's comments, you are doomed to accomplish nothing
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　I'm ＾wordofgod￣. Now I'm writing Ge Shenyi Wen Lu
　　
　　I don't care what others think. College is
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　That's good
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　university?
　　
　　What have you been through
　　
　　If you don't say
　　
　　Do I ask
　　
　　I respect you
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　No experience, my attitude towards life
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　http://www.gegod.com/gzly/zp6.htm
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　oh
　　
　　If I ask your secret and you don't reveal it, you can't go back. I respect you
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　It can be revealed that being a transparent person is beneficial to my personal design
　　
　　Divine design:)
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　oh
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　"Ge Shenyi Wen Lu" is a memoir of my life, which is open
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　This link is a letter from your good friend
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　I see you have a good relationship
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　You are a great author
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　I will when I have time
　　
　　read
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Leave a message when you graduate
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　I am looking forward to it
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　You should be a boy?
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　Um
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　Do you play games
　　
　　Ge Shen
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　No play, no time
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　It seems that you have a lot to do
　　
　　It's too late. I won't bother you. You have to work and write tomorrow
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　You'll have a rest tomorrow and the day after tomorrow. You'll have to spend time studying
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　Um
　　
　　well
　　
　　You should also improve your work and writing
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　OK, thank you
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　you're welcome
　　
　　We are friends
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Forget friends, ha ha
　　
　　Ge John:
　　
　　don't worry
　　
　　Friends regardless of age
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Good
　　
　　958. Strange news record. Open a book in * * and stop thinking about the community. Give it a try
　　
　　Paul Gerber 2021 / 11 / 21 17:28:06
　　
　　You are blocked by documents from top to bottom. It's no use sending them anywhere
　　
　　Ge Yimin 2021 / 11 / 21 17:33:46
　　
　　It's normal now. God's net doesn't hair and can't be found above.
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:35:19, November 21, 2021
　　
　　I also think it's the top. There's no problem with the novel. Netizens report that I have a problem. It's not that the four platforms are blocked
　　
　　Paul Gerber 2021 / 11 / 21 17:36:51
　　
　　You're looking for you at God's net?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:37:41, November 21, 2021
　　
　　No, last time I volunteered J, I looked for it. It wasn't sent properly. You didn't take a closer look
　　
　　Paul Gerber 2021 / 11 / 21 17:38:09
　　
　　If no one reports, you shouldn't see it in your forum
　　
　　Gerpaul 2021 / 11 / 21 17:38:21
　　
　　I use your home page as a facade to access hundreds of megabytes of traffic a day
　　
　　Paul Gerber 2021 / 11 / 21 17:38:22
　　
　　It's all right now
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:38:28, November 21, 2021
　　
　　Last time, other provinces reported it
　　
　　Gerpaul 2021 / 11 / 21 17:39:21
　　
　　Only those people who may be Bai Yunsheng or the God Club circle, pink and vulgarity are not idle to stare at your website every day
　　
　　Ge Yimin 17:40:50, November 21, 2021
　　
　　It's inappropriate not to send it in the future. It's not strategic. The official website matters
　　
　　Last time I wrote g and Ge, long live D, Z kneel and I'll take a cigarette
　　
　　When I was writing, I felt inappropriate. I was a little excited and sent it
　　
　　Ge Yimin 18:41:08
　　
　　What do those people in the stick circle mean?
　　
　　The Christian circle has not interacted for a long time
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021-11-22 7:23:50
　　
　　Headquarters, those
　　
　　What kind of intelligence does Christianity have
　　
　　Ge Yimin 8:37:46
　　
　　Yes, the saint circle
　　
　　959. Paul Gerber: it's very fierce in the circle of saints
　　
　　You see, the Chinese sage would rather not make a profit than make others feel better
　　
　　Ge Yimin 9:04:27, November 22, 2021
　　
　　Purple beauty sect and Taoist Saint sect are sworn enemies
　　
　　Paul Gerber 2021-11-22 9:04:54
　　
　　In fact, you should find that the saint circle is fighting on its own
　　
　　There was never a gang
　　
　　So Ge Hua will be scolded wherever he publicizes you
　　
　　Not because you have a bad reputation
　　
　　But unwilling to be humble
　　
　　Ge Yimin 9:11:32, November 22, 2021
　　
　　Purple Beauty School: Purple beauty, Zhiqiu, Yuanjue
　　
　　Taoist Saint: Taoist saint, Tu baozi
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021-11-22 9:11:46
　　
　　Chinese sage in those days, didn't there still find crape myrtle sect?
　　
　　You don't know
　　
　　In 2012, I just hyped other people
　　
　　Therefore, the Chinese sage bar business in those days was amused by making fun of bar friends
　　
　　Ge Yimin 9:12:38, November 22, 2021
　　
　　Looking for crape myrtle knows that there are ＾wordofgod￣s
　　
　　Ge Yimin 9:13:00, November 22, 2021
　　
　　15. Ziwei: forget it, I can't hide it from you anymore.
　　
　　It's time to announce the true identity of Ziwei sage. Yes, it's really in the post bar.
　　
　　Ge Yimin, with two feathers and four feet and a beautiful day.
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021-11-22 9:13:06
　　
　　Later, the Internet atmosphere was strictly prohibited, and that set could not be done
　　
　　That's why there are two kinds of true demons, the purple beauty sect and the Taoist Saint sect
　　
　　Ge Yimin 9:13:40, November 22, 2021
　　
　　good
　　
　　Paul Gerber 2021-11-22 9:14:08
　　
　　Now the headquarters is the control of fraud
　　
　　I feel that the one who can report you may be the psychosis who really believes in the sage of crape myrtle
　　
　　Ge Yimin 9:16:10, November 22, 2021
　　
　　It should be a so-called just person. He is old
　　
　　Ge Paul 9:20:10, November 22, 2021
　　
　　Yes, that's the only possibility
　　
　　Ge Yimin 9:20:49, November 22, 2021
　　
　　If you don't like my new ideas, make trouble
　　
　　Paul Gerber 2021-11-22 9:21:31
　　
　　yes
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021-11-22 9:21:54
　　
　　It can't be because you flip ban you
　　
　　Ge Yimin 9:32:12, November 22, 2021
　　
　　I'm anti gravity. What I report is that I don't like my new ideas and stare at Shenwang
　　
　　Ge Paul 2021-11-22 9:33:04
　　
　　yes
　　
　　Your level is not well known
　　
　　Don't live in sending one seal after another
　　
　　Otherwise, post bar and QQ are long gone
　　
　　Ge Yimin 9:43:55, November 22, 2021
　　
　　OK, it's normal
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: it didn't matter before. Now communism is possible in the two major times.
　　
　　960. Monk Qingchen: in fact, God Ge indirectly protected the saint for a long time
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: light dust, indirect protection?
　　
　　〃〃Monk Qingchen: five years old bar master, I know the state is paying attention to and guiding the holy bar.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Yes, the home page often recommends holy bar Posts now.
　　
　　You did it for five years. Have you ever been a bar owner before China bar?
　　
　　Light dust, when you say I protect indirectly, do you mean brushing the screen? Make trouble for the holy bar and lower its political nature.
　　
　　〃〃The catcher means that you are the person of a door. A door has appeared once before, you know.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I'm not. I'm independent and beaten.
　　
　　〃〃Monk Qingchen: all aspects are integrated. What you said is only part of it.
　　
　　The holy bar is a testing novice village.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I see. You have been a bar owner for five years, including your Shouwang, Jingya, Feiyang and qidaniang.
　　
　　〃〃Qing: what about the demon master, Ge Sheng.
　　
　　I used to spray so many people. Have you seen me catch Ge Shen and spray all the time.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: you should be big, do nothing, let Feiyang dominate, and return it to Jingya (aunt Qi), and finally seal it in the hands of the preacher.
　　
　　〃Monk Qingchen: you can't spray.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: jiuxuan, everyone in the holy bar admits that this is my theorem. I give you "one heart, two preparations". Don't affect your study and life. In this way, it's good to have a dream.
　　
　　Holy for one day, holy for life. We can't escape (Ziwei Gelin Xinru language) and give it to Qiyu.
　　
　　〃Younger martial brother Hong o 520: God version 2.0 is about to be born,,,
　　
　　〃〃Monk Qingchen: uncle, your avatar is much more energetic now.
　　
　　The spirit is much better than ten years ago.
　　
　　〃Ge shenyimin: Ge shenyimin sucks people's souls every day.
　　
　　〃〃Monk Qingchen: No, you should retire in Guoan.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: This is the picture I just took.
　　
　　961. Xu Jinglei Kaila: see who this person is (photo)
　　
　　〃Huang Yu's regretful baby: Ge Xie.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: many batches of Ge.
　　
　　〃Fu Tiansheng: is this the Pueraria you ge every day? And pueraria flowers?
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Ge Hua is on the fifth floor.
　　
　　〃Ordinary desire: Ge Sheng.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: you can accommodate Ge and have a heart.
　　
　　〃Jing Lei Shu Qi Yifei: isn't this God Ge.
　　
　　〃〃Sword of oath: the face of the real dragon!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: you are more tolerant and considerate. Ge will be happy to death.
　　
　　〃〃Rice 247: you can see that although this person looks like a great blessing, it is a great evil like a great blessing. Be careful. No matter how long you can live, it will soon be desolate.
　　
　　Great hypocrisy is like loyalty and great evil is like holiness. Time is running out. I'll be miserable early.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: 20331126 immortality.
　　
　　〃〃Black cat under Libra: ge you lies.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Ge Shen lies down.
　　
　　〃〃Inaction 1235: it is what you call Ge God! Eyes like cockfighting eyes! Small but fat mouth! gluttonous.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: thick eyebrows and big eyes.
　　
　　〃〃Wuwei 1235: what thick eyebrows! Eyebrow black thick sex hormone excess.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: give him a girl, ha ha.
　　
　　〃〃Monk Qingchen: you have more spirit. When you really understand God and people, you can achieve your holy way.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: OK, enable this avatar. I am God Yimin. How can I really understand?
　　
　　〃〃Tea ceremony 59: black eyebrow dragon mouth white fur clothes are not simple. This face.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: why dragon mouth? White fur dress finger?
　　
　　〃〃Ye Yuxuan grass: don't forget, I will always support you behind your back.
　　
　　Only GE's existence can cure this group of people.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: it was originally named Saint, but it was changed to Ye saint.
　　
　　〃〃Ye yuxuancao: it's all true. The whole holy bar, Liaoyuan and Ge Shen are still two characters.
　　
　　God Ge can make such a high reputation in the holy bar, which is enough to show that God GE has his excellence.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: several old people have emerged recently.
　　
　　〃〃Ye yuxuancao: I also talked to ge Shen at that time. I don't care what kind of person you are. Good people and bad people don't matter. It's mainly to be different from ordinary people.
　　
　　I value God GE's ability.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: it depends on heaven. We say it's God's choice.
　　
　　〃〃Ye Yuxuan grass: there are no good or evil in the world, but the positions are different, but the positions can be changed. And if a person is incompetent, it's useless to do anything.
　　
　　Therefore, we still need to speak with strength. Once we have strength, we can talk about our position.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: OK, thank you. I will work hard forever!
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ Gjkev3t: only song god, only ＾wordofgod￣!!!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Ge Hua is good.
　　
　　〃〃00 dream: scattered Qi.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: it's very miscellaneous.
　　
　　〃〃Jinglin: I feel like I have a heart attack..
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: No, I've been pinching for photos.
　　
　　〃〃Ande: hair cutting.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: cut your life.
　　
　　〃〃The beginning of a new year: he is not. He doesn't believe in rumors and doesn't spread rumors.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: you admit it. Of course he isn't.
　　
　　〃〃Kkstfu: I can't recognize it. Such a handsome man is easily covered by the face of the public lover.
　　
　　962. Post bar users_ Gjkev3t: greetings to God Ge.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: the grand system of the general manager is suitable for writing novels.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ 7p21wc1: Ge Sheng came out for a treat and wrapped some big red envelopes. Let everyone welcome you out of the mountain.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: poor God.
　　
　　〃〃Yeyuxuancao: I'll take good care of you.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: it's done in heaven.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ Gjkev3t: all religions in the world are Ge Hua's novels.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: your system can only exist in novels, including Wanxiang.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: God Ge took beautiful photos! So handsome! Heroes are as good as they used to be!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Hello, beauty. It was taken on October 12 this year.
　　
　　〃〃Pupil: is this crape myrtle.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: the holy bar is recognized by everyone, and he is no exception.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: handsome, natural and unrestrained, mature and stable uncle! But not my type!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Thank you for your love. What type do you like?
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: I like Pei!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: have you seen his recent photo?
　　
　　〃〃Huang Yu's regret BABY: look when he will go to prison. ha-ha.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: 20331126
　　
　　〃〃Huang Yu's regret BABY: hypocrite, fake.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: real name online, ID card online, how fake?
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ Gjkev3t: the Bible, the Buddhist scriptures, the Koran and Taoist myths were written by several families that split the earliest ancient myths. The Bible is the aggregation of several religions.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: finally, the ＾wordofgod￣s come together.
　　
　　〃〃2007 chunlu55: there is a face image of hard steel and hard shoulder. Hey, there is a lack of soft image. One road goes to black.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: well said, there is no way back.
　　
　　963. Xingsanjiao: (GE Xiang) it looks very simple, ha ha ~
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: serious person, ha ha.
　　
　　〃〃Ande: Ge egg.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Ge Shen.
　　
　　〃〃Third uncle of the bottle maker: it's better not to take off your glasses.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I don't think it's good to wear glasses.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: keep watch. Use the seventh aunt. I see it's keep watch.
　　
　　I won't leave, and you can't leave.
　　
　　We just said "holy one day, holy all life". Did you forget it so soon?
　　
　　Encourage me: one heart, two preparations.
　　
　　With holy dreams, live like ordinary people.
　　
　　〃Watch you: you pull it down, use flattering words to win over ignorant coquettes all day, and call yourself a saint? Repentance is the right way!
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: what are you doing?
　　
　　〃Ge Biao: famous as GE Shen, he cheated fame and power, and Huang Lingling cheated a lot of money.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I have Mao Quan.
　　
　　〃Ge Biao: others said.
　　
　　〃〃Qing difficult: Ge Sheng was OK when he was young.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: now there is a record of ＾wordofgod￣s and Ge Shenyi.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ 5xja3kx: it's crazy after all.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: fake crazy.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Xiangguo: I saw you and Ge fighting that day. I thought you were going to remarry!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I'm Ge.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Xiangguo: Ge Hualei.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: her domain name belongs to me.
　　
　　〃〃Sword of oath: what's your relationship with GE? Ge doesn't seem to like you.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I'm Ge shengba. Many people see it.
　　
　　〃〃Sword of oath: Zhenge is very grumpy. What's wrong with him recently?
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: write GE's strange news every day.
　　
　　964. Sword of oath: you know him very well. I've only met his son and never met his wife.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I'm Ge. Why don't you believe it? Where did you meet my son?
　　
　　〃〃Sword of oath: Ge FA, very handsome.
　　
　　Said you're not ge, you don't believe it, you don't send it clearly?
　　
　　According to father and son, can GE's son call the Holy Son?
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I thought in reality. God's net also has a holy wife photo:)
　　
　　〃〃Jingji Sports: the original intention is good, but don't publicize your Ge education.
　　
　　The cult can't go far. Why don't you have some foresight.
　　
　　〃Childe riding a green donkey in the cloud: how big. He graduated from college in 1990. There were really many opportunities in that era..
　　
　　I'm sorry to see this. Now, a bachelor's degree 31 years ago was a particularly good resource at that time. Perhaps in the future, the humble technology they think is completely enough to settle down.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Biao: there are even doctors in Ge Hua.
　　
　　965. Xu Jinglei Kaila: I write Ge Shenyi Wen Lu every day
　　
　　Now it is serialized on 3 domestic platforms and 3 foreign platforms.
　　
　　〃Sword of oath: Yes, Ge is afraid of his wife. I took him home directly and let them recognize sisters. From this, we can see that GE is timid and can't become a climate.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: what chapter is Ge Shen and his women?
　　
　　You read a lot of chapters.
　　
　　〃Sword of oath: it's over in a minute. 110000 words have been written for 20 years?
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: 20 years is 900000 words. Ge Shenyi's hearsay records were written on October 1, 2021, and are all being updated.
　　
　　Where did you see Ge Shenqi's hearsay? God net is the latest.
　　
　　〃Sword of oath: can't you watch Baidu directly? What is God's net.
　　
　　There are too many pirated books and infringement. I suggest you complain.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: you're looking at piracy. It's the first round. Later, it was updated on Shenwang, my official website, soge Shenwang.
　　
　　Piracy, I regard it as publicity, welcome.
　　
　　
　　
　　966. Zimu Guangjun: "＾wordofgod￣", deifying the Sutra.
　　
　　God, invisible. By, tangible.
　　
　　Bible, Buddhist sutra, Taoist Sutra, four books and five sutras
　　
　　〃The vast crowd: some online philosophers don't seem to boast about their honor, such as GE demon. They don't say that they graduated from Nanjing University or even participated in that activity.
　　
　　〃〃Deyang Li Juan: I never say I graduated from Nanjing University. I will only answer when others ask. I won't say it in the first year of Pingcheng, let alone in the biography of ＾wordofgod￣ Ge Yimin.
　　
　　
　　
　　967. Watch the light dust: Uncle Ge actually protected the saint in a sense
　　
　　Although his poor writing and means often make the bar tremble with fatigue. Here, first say thank you.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: watch, Hello, you say I protect the saint, what do you mean? Please be frank, thank you.
　　
　　〃〃Watch light dust: 1. Your screen brushing covers too many posts of lust, gods and ghosts, previous lives and this life, so as to avoid more people falling into the devil's barrier;
　　
　　2. Your existence makes an organization lower its evaluation of the holy bar;
　　
　　3. Your content and means are too poor. Let the resident friends compare with each other, and let everyone inspire themselves. There are people doing things;
　　
　　4. At your attack moment, let the bar at that time reflect on how to manage a post of tens of thousands of people.
　　
　　Therefore, Zhongsheng bar has been granted for 7 years, and you have made contributions. But you still need to punish yourself by three cups. Just at noon, the bar staff's energy is wasted a lot every day. Zhongsheng bar has become dust, so it will no longer recall. Nowadays, the epidemic situation is repeated, the economy is down, and uncle is less involved. People can't compete with heaven for merit.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I see. It means I play a neutralizing role.
　　
　　〃〃There is a dream ing: Yuan Bawu is with Ge ＾wordofgod￣. I don't know whether it is the victim or the perpetrator.
　　
　　God Ge is the most classic representative of the holy bar. They never think they are victims and spread their ＾wordofgod￣s everywhere. It's rare for the original bar to reach a consensus with God Ge.
　　
　　Ge Hua is a spiritual victim, but at the same time, he seems to be cheating money and sex, but the prisoner of different leaves and others are mixed with it, which is unimaginable.
　　
　　God Ge and the prisoner of different leaves are exchanging experiences.
　　
　　〃Chunling River realizes its dream: they are not good birds! That GE laosao makes all those female avatars, trumpets and B everywhere! It's a shameless thing!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I'm not familiar with Qiumei.
　　
　　Like purple beauty, don't you also like the saint?
　　
　　I am independent.
　　
　　Even in the picture on the first floor, Ge Hua's remarks are nothing.
　　
　　It's Qiumei's watch war. I also emphasize that watch is the first talent of the holy bar. I can't support Qiumei once and be a group.
　　
　　
　　
　　968. It's hard for Qing: the demon lord hasn't reported anyone
　　
　　Even Ge Sheng sprayed less. Later, Ge Sheng didn't spray. People focused on disgusting Christian doctrine all day, and the Demon Lord never sprayed him.
　　
　　〃〃Chunling River realizes its dream: This is GE's trumpet! Haven't you seen it yet?
　　
　　〃Watch light dust: it's a trumpet, but it's not ge's. It tastes different.
　　
　　〃〃Chunlingjiang realizes his dream: the master of this layer is ge. Don't doubt Zikai and Xiao Wu. Let Ge laugh at you.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila:: isn't the master Ge Hua? I don't even know.
　　
　　〃〃Chunlingjiang realizes his dream: I'm not interested in your Gegen, Gehua and GeYou. But it's enough to know that these are all family tricks played by Uncle Ge.
　　
　　〃Qing difficult: Ge Sheng has been called holy for more than 10 years. You are not interested. Anyway, the Demon Lord is interested.
　　
　　〃〃Chunlingjiang realized his dream: however, Lao Ge tossed about for more than ten years and was scolded as a neuropathy, but his mind is actually more sober than many others. This makes us have to take it!
　　
　　〃Watch the light dust: Ge Sheng doesn't seem to have the habit of replying at two o'clock in the middle of the night.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I have Shenwang, ＾wordofgod￣s and Ge Shenyi Wen Lu.
　　
　　
　　
　　969. Qing difficult: Ge Sheng, can I interview you
　　
　　Why did you suddenly start writing ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I wrote a post online in 2001 and merged it into the Yemei Sutra in 2004. The holy bar will be a few years later.
　　
　　〃〃Plain light is true: are you ge ＾wordofgod￣? The original head of Liu?
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I'm Ge.
　　
　　〃〃Plain and light is true: Oh, I've heard a lot about you.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: you're welcome.
　　
　　〃〃Qing: shit, it started two years after 1999. No, it's personal privacy after all.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I have no privacy. I went online in March 2001.
　　
　　
　　
　　970. Ryu: where has the great living Buddha Ge God in Beike amiable shell village recently?
　　
　　Don't Lao a recommend his doctrine of "Ge God"?
　　
　　Went to Beijing to attend the national religious love pot conference?
　　
　　Think about it. Ge God is the guest of honor in Beike. However, in the strong pot, he can only pay to rent Baidu's fragmented advertising pages at most, and take advantage of the opportunity to plug some private goods. He may be busy with the video of his old middle school lover in Jiangsu.
　　
　　After all, the double amiable channel is too yin-yang. Apart from some old men, can you see the appearance of female netizens with husbands?
　　
　　The new wechat article says that there are 6954w single men in the pot!
　　
　　Alas, the north wind blows on my lapel. I can't sleep at night. I sit up and play the piano. The thin curtain is fine.
　　
　　〃Geyimin: Hello, brother U. recently, I serialized Ge Shen Yi Wen Lu in Bei Keqin's blog (log).
　　
　　To tell you the truth, I came to the microblog to check whether my brother commented on my words.
　　
　　thank you!
　　
　　
　　
　　971. This book only focuses on one post at the end
　　
　　"You know, even if the heavy rain turns the city upside down, I'll give you a hug.".
　　
　　The last post was "I will take back what belongs to me" (last, May 3, 2014),
　　
　　The last post is "thank the Lord, thank the Lord" (Christians, March 11, 2005).
　　
　　〃I: apply for bar owner (2004-09-08)
　　
　　Plastic products
　　
　　I want to apply for a bar owner
　　
　　I need your support
　　
　　thank you
　　
　　〃〃I: statement (February 13, 2005)
　　
　　I don't support the Jeme Sutra, and I'm not Jeme. I don't believe in Yemei's 2019.
　　
　　May the LORD have mercy on them.
　　
　　〃System Mk7: I don't support the Jeme Sutra either. I read the ancient classics. That's the true God.
　　
　　〃〃Du8 unparalleled: there's nothing to argue about. It'll be known in 2019.
　　
　　〃211.150.239. If it must be 2019, it must be false! There's nothing to doubt 
　　〃〃Jeremiah has said that 2019 is based on Daniel. Originally, see the revelation of the Jeme Sutra 
　　〃211.150.248. That's absolutely wrong!
　　
　　
　　
　　972. Mark Ge: if we can go back to the winter of 17 years
　　
　　God Ge will never touch him, but it's a pity that people don't have a chance to come again.
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:22:34
　　
　　Process is beauty
　　
　　Ge Marco 19:23:48
　　
　　It's just that the consequences are serious
　　
　　I'd rather do fifty cents than object.
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:24:12
　　
　　What consequences?
　　
　　Ge Marco 19:24:41
　　
　　Network wide blocking
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:25:11
　　
　　Touch him who?
　　
　　Ge Marco 19:25:16
　　
　　Mysterious man
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:26:05
　　
　　What happened in '17? I thought Ben, 17 years ago
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:29:00
　　
　　I know, it's QQ group
　　
　　that
　　
　　Ge Marco 19:29:41
　　
　　I saw God GE's name in the database today
　　
　　It turned out that the whole network was blocked
　　
　　Sensitive event level I
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:30:08
　　
　　Copy
　　
　　Ge Marco 19:30:30
　　
　　Tomorrow, you can't copy it
　　
　　It's OK to shoot the screen
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:30:38
　　
　　It's not scolding, it's thinking
　　
　　Ge Marco 19:30:51
　　
　　No, I remember that was abusive
　　
　　It's not sealed by thought
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:31:12
　　
　　good
　　
　　Ge Marco 19:30
　　
　　If I were you, I would never do that
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:31:49
　　
　　There are many people scolding on the Internet. Entering the library is still thinking
　　
　　Ge Marco 19:32:29
　　
　　In the list of sensitive words reviewed
　　
　　It's yours
　　
　　I searched today
　　
　　Ge Marco 19:32:29
　　
　　Ge Shen and Ge Yimin are sensitive words
　　
　　Ge Marco 19:32:30
　　
　　These two words will be reviewed by the whole network
　　
　　Except for these two words, the other paragraphs of the ＾wordofgod￣ were not included
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:32:42
　　
　　This is also the level
　　
　　Ge Marco 19:33:37
　　
　　I always thought it was just the administrative order level, but I didn't expect it to be much higher than this
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:34:00
　　
　　good
　　
　　Ge Marco 19:34:19
　　
　　The ban could be ten years
　　
　　Maybe I'll forget you in ten years, maybe again
　　
　　Ge Marco 19:34:35
　　
　　Repeat the time when God bar was sealed
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:34:45
　　
　　Now the divine net is normal and can no longer rush to the tower
　　
　　Ge Marco 19:35:26
　　
　　yes
　　
　　Just can't afford to report. Once others report, they will be sealed
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:37:56
　　
　　Don't rush to the tower anymore. It won't be in October
　　
　　Ge Marco 19:38:14
　　
　　It's not that, but you're already a sensitive word category
　　
　　It's the same as dish cooking
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:38:26
　　
　　good
　　
　　Ge Marco 19:38:40
　　
　　It's okay for you to write a document, but if someone reports you or dares to mention you, you will be blocked
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:38:56
　　
　　good
　　
　　Ge Marco 2021 / 12 / 9 22:41:11
　　
　　Ryu is?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 22:42:56, December 9, 2021
　　
　　American times amiable website
　　
　　Ge Marco 2021 / 12 / 9 22:43:12
　　
　　God Ge is famous all over the world.
　　
　　
　　
　　973. The vast sea of people: today in history, December 14, 1990
　　
　　Cut Yimin was sent to a mental hospital by his family for compulsory treatment. At first, it was electroacupuncture. The cause was situational disorder. Later, the people of CEE designated that day as the day of suffering of the divine religion, proclaimed it as the world in the ＾wordofgod￣, began the great trial and went to the cross. Of course, cut Yimin's attitude towards this matter was vague at the beginning, but he later admitted his experience in the mental hospital in his memoirs of Ge Shenyi Wen Lu. In other words, cut Yimin is now 50 years old and has spent 30 spring and autumn in the mental hospital.
　　
　　〃Andazhen: Well, now I finally know. It seems that it did have a great impact on him.
　　
　　〃〃The vast sea of people: you are polar Hawaii. I was thinking that if God Ge had not experienced that thing, he might not talk about strange things now.
　　
　　〃Deyang Lijuan: I'm only in hospital for one month at a time.
　　
　　Ge Shenyi Wen Lu has been outside for 30 years, including the Internet.
　　
　　
　　
　　974. The name is six words: say hello to ge Sheng for me
　　
　　I wish him a happy new year in the coming new year.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: "Ge Shenyi Wen Lu" is a complete version, and several novels have been deleted.
　　
　　〃〃Boan song and dance: will you be crucified again.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: "Ge Shenyi Wen Lu" has been nailed.
　　
　　〃〃Cheap pig head: are these contents the "＾wordofgod￣s" of God Ge?? I'm a little curious about the organization behind you. I've heard of you for more than ten years.. Would you like someone???
　　
　　〃Geyimin: Ge Shen Yi Wen Lu and ＾wordofgod￣ are two books. Unorganized, loose.
　　
　　
　　
　　975. Zhihu: I read the article in Ge Yimin's mind
　　
　　It makes sense. But isn't it a betrayal of God that he should ride on God's head?
　　
　　I think only God created all things in the universe, and there is no other God in front of God. Welcome to the discussion.
　　
　　〃David 21cen: I haven't read Ge Yimin's article yet. It's hard to comment, but if Ge Yimin really rides on God's head, he is more God than God. But I believe that he was trampled at the feet of God and had the illusion of riding on God's head.
　　
　　The world is a "reform through labor field".
　　
　　〃〃Hold one in the guard: why didn't anyone answer? Do you know there are no religious believers in it? Or are religious believers afraid to answer because they are afraid to offend the big God stick? God sticks are more or less powerful, but they won't hurt me, because I'm blessed by God, so I'm not afraid of them.
　　
　　〃Cha Wu: mainly because I haven't read the article you said.
　　
　　〃〃Gan Lin: "the article in Ge Yimin's mind", is this title correct? If it is correct, then "Ge Yimin" is everyone's name, and the "article in the ＾wordofgod￣" refers to Christianity or medicine. If it is Christianity, it is not "＾wordofgod￣" but the Bible. If it is medicine, it is not about religion.
　　
　　If it refers to Christianity, the more famous it is, the more it is leading in the wrong direction. Are not the Israelites (Jews) the priests, lawyers and scribes the supreme guides in the hearts of the Jews, who nailed Jesus under their guidance. Isa 9:16 for he who guides this people has led them astray, and all who are guided will perish.
　　
　　〃Hold one in the middle: Oh, it seems that you are a Christian. Well, I think some of Ge Yiming's views in the article are correct and some are incorrect. As for guiding in the wrong direction? It must be wrong for him to elevate himself above God, but his remarks on political economy are very correct. His interpretation of the Bible is partly in line with the Christian spirit.
　　
　　976. The vast sea of people: invited by GE Yimin to answer questions
　　
　　Let me answer this question a little first.
　　
　　Although Ge Yimin is a full Christian, his original theory is often different from that of any Christian sect, and he thinks that God is the creator, and God is the last. Therefore, this practice is often abused and attacked as "heresy" by most Christians on the Internet. Their main reason is that GE Yimin is a false prophet and predicts the so-called end of the world, There is also a false Scripture, namely the Yemeni Scripture, but there is another saying that yemenism can be counted as one of the Christian factions [1]. Of course, according to this saying, it is understandable for GE Yimin to engage in yemenism and be loyal to God. Another possibility is to publicize. Hong Xiuquan of the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom claims to be the second son of God and Ge Yimin is a god religion. In order to publicize himself, he publicizes as higher than the creator, higher than God and higher than mankind.
　　
　　It's not a betrayal of God, because he admitted the existence of God, praised God and recognized God's achievements in the ＾wordofgod￣ (the above-mentioned Jeme Sutra), and then said to inherit God. What else did he say? Because there are fewer and fewer people in the world who believe in religion, so the divine religion appeared. Moreover, he needs God's help to better preach the gospel [2].
　　
　　〃〃Quote ＾wordofgod￣: for thousands of years, human beings still don't believe. It's no use for Jesus to come. God has no way. So our god religion took this stick and helped God make human beings spiritual.
　　
　　God is to let the vitality (soul) he blows into people's nostrils defeat people's material body derived from soil, sanctify people, claim righteousness and glory, everyone gives glory to God, and finally god gets all glory. So far, the kingdom of God full of love is completed and God's creation plan is completed.
　　
　　The great struggle between good and evil is over. Sin and sinners no longer exist. The whole universe is clean. Between the vast universe, there is a pulse of harmony. Life, light and joy flow from the God who created all things, filling the vast universe. From the smallest atom to the largest world, all living and inanimate things proclaim that God is love in their pure glory and complete joy.
　　
　　2014 / 09 / 2013: Ge Shen and God.
　　
　　[2] Refer to the article "Song million people and God"
　　
　　〃Deyang Li Juan: [1] it's a declaration of faith written in 2005. It's not easy for you to find this post. At that time, it was written by a Christian sect, and yemenism was a Christian sect. Now, it is independent, that is, the god religion.
　　
　　Today's Shinto Easter 20211221.
　　
　　
　　
　　977. The vast sea of people: today is December 21, which is the holy Easter.
　　
　　Similar to the day of suffering, Ge Shen didn't say it clearly in his ＾wordofgod￣s at the beginning. Later, in Ge Shen's strange news record, he admitted that he had electric shock in a mental hospital. Resurrection refers to the feeling of waking up after electric shock.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: the resurrection of Jesus has not been proved. Even if he was in heaven, why didn't the New Testament be revealed in 2000? In 2000, mankind was still suffering and obviously needed him, but he did nothing.
　　
　　My electroconvulsive shock is indeed resurrection, electroconvulsive shock (similar to death) and Awakening (that is, resurrection and rebirth). I brought ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　Boundless words are very interesting. God's Good Friday, you say it's God's suffering day.
　　
　　
　　
　　978. The vast sea of people 2: I don't know why
　　
　　Incidentally, this article was killed because it mentioned the name of the God of songs.
　　
　　Perhaps from the perspective of singing God, we can feel the feeling of "invisible net" mentioned by Zhang Jie,,,
　　
　　〃Phineaio: I see @ yexue's own videos are gone.
　　
　　〃〃Yexue: Yes, my deletion is almost complete.
　　
　　〃Vast crowd 2: even the Olympic moment and Ge Ji video are gone. It's a pity.
　　
　　〃〃Hero's Wolf_ 5zn: it is suspected that this is due to a new copy of mutual... Zong... Xin... Guan... Published this month.
　　
　　〃Yexue: I've been deleted for 2 or 3 months.
　　
　　〃〃Boundless crowd 2: is it that Bai Yunsheng who made a comeback? Because some polar dynamics have avoided the God of songs and are still olive, and those who have a certain understanding of the God of songs may hold a summit.
　　
　　〃Yexue: I didn't see him. I know that and Sina blog are normal.
　　
　　〃〃The vast sea of people 2: bizhan, you don't believe in ＾wordofgod￣s and won't die. We're very embarrassed.
　　
　　
　　
　　979. Xu Jinglei Kaila: Mingsheng is mine~~
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: the holy name is given to you! But don't tie up your life with your holy name, let yourself fall into the cage of self-control, entangle it all your life, and you can't get rid of it! At the same time, don't allow what others can't achieve! You should know the result of going against the road better than anyone else! Six words said that God Ge promised him a post! is that true?
　　
　　Draw big cakes to deceive people. Think about what your behavior means? Equivalent to MLM! For your own self-interest, cheat people in the name of purple saint! Fool some people who don't know the truth and brainwash them! It's certain to go to hell after death!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: ministerial level.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: how do you divide the internal groups of Ge God? You gave six words at the ministerial level? The key is that I believe six words and am willing to work for you? Your brainwashing is thorough! People with the highest interests are willing to take the bait and become your Chinese food!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: because he believes that I am God.
　　
　　〃〃Frfm: don't be emotional. Don't forget that you are a great God of post bar.
　　
　　〃Yi Yinshan man: are you sure you are God? You are not! You are a demon! Can you explain what kind of immortality is the theory of physical immortality in your ＾wordofgod￣? In my opinion, human beings can only live forever through circulation. The devil goes against the road, paralyzes human beings with wealth, color, name, profit and power, misleads them to forget where they came from, and loses their awe of nature and all things! Let them fall into the endless pursuit of things outside their bodies and quarrel with each other!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: science is approaching immortality, which is the way of God. See the book of neural immortality for details.
　　
　　
　　
　　980. Yiyinshan people: Science and metaphysics will converge in the near future
　　
　　Just as demons and gods are produced by the Tao! Tao gives birth to one, gives birth to two, gives birth to three, and gives birth to all things! Ordinary mortals are the same body of God and devil! To become a God, take off the coat of the flesh first! And ordinary people are bound by this coat! Focus on the phase and forget that the soul is the eternal existence! And your words are all foreign ministers!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I become flesh. I am the creator.
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣ VII 50. There is no evidence for the immortality of the soul, but there is evidence for the immortality of the body. Science is approaching immortality. The eternal life pursued by the divine religion refers to the present world. There is no evidence of what happens after death.
　　
　　51. Eternal life is the dream of mankind. With the rapid development of artificial intelligence, mankind can see that the dream is becoming a reality.
　　
　　When the principle of consciousness is cracked, strong artificial intelligence will appear and the door of immortality will be opened.
　　
　　When human beings enter the gate of immortality, life memories will be preserved and human souls will not be destroyed.
　　
　　Money is no longer needed for all human beings, and communism is no longer needed to achieve immortality.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: that's why I say you're a devil, not a god! Don't do magic activities under the banner of God, hang sheep's head and sell dog meat! The world believes that God will save the world, not magic can save the world! Take a look at the west of science worship. They are the representatives of demons! The United States played the role of the world police. How many disturbances have been created in the world and how many people have been harmed! Everything they do is for the benefit of their own things!
　　
　　well! All right! Dissolve your own group and be a good man! In your case, it's lucky that God didn't give you Trump's presidency. If you were given the presidency, you would be better than the disaster of the world! Because the devil's world is material, and interest is everything! Six words were cheated by you, not because of interests! Ordinary people are just a miniature version of the western world!
　　
　　of course. In addition to the headquarters bar, the holy bar and bar business are the same magic as you, just big and small! Live in the ego's desire! Using power and position to bully, maim and deceive the people, so that they lose their conscience and heart. What else is there besides competing and hurting each other for interests?
　　
　　Consciousness is our human soul. How can we crack it! Only consciousness is an eternal existence! The three-dimensional world is just a projection! If the soul in the high dimension cuts off the energy supply of the three-dimensional "flesh body", people will die! The energy supply of human body is transmitted by optical chain! The body is just a tool for the soul to borrow fake to repair the truth! However, these sciences will be proved by human beings later, and human naked eyes will see them!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: without the United States, it is the fifth World War.
　　
　　If I don't dissolve, I won't be an official:)
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣ VII 13. Our three kinds of life:  material, body, clothing, food, shelter and transportation;  , consciousness, thinking and social activities;  , soul, soul, religion.
　　
　　
　　
　　981. Yiyinshan people: when a person leaves the world all his life
　　
　　You can only take two things, one is your soul and the other is the experience of this person's life! Everything experienced in one's life will be recorded (akashic record).
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I don't leave the world. I will live forever in 20331126. Everything about me is recorded in the ＾wordofgod￣ and Ge Shenyi.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: 20331126 of course you will live forever. After you live forever, you belong to the devil, not to God! thank you! Those who do not realize the truth are not gods after death!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: immortality is immortality. I defeated the poison hook of death.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: eternal life is immortality, but from beginning to end, you are a devil! After you die, you also belong to the devil, not God! Because your essence has been decided! You are darkness! Use interests to induce human beings, let them lose their original heart, and then reduce them to the object of your ravage! Take a look at other holy bar affairs. You can understand the autocracy regardless of right and wrong! Need someone to say! This is the devil's world!
　　
　　right! The three-dimensional world is also the projection of the world of God and devil war! Since ancient times, the essence has not changed! You are the representative of the devil, I am the representative of God! Just as described in the animation of the upper and lower versions of six words! In the eyes of the angel of light, everything is love! They will use love to heal every injured heart around them and let them find their way home! Of course, demons rule the world with their power and violence!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: you are the representative of God. I am God. I created God. I am two levels higher than God.
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣ 1 6. In the autumn of 2001, Ge Yimin took a nap in his big bed at Zhenjiang's home. In a strange dream, God said, "I am God. You should listen to him (GE Yimin)." He immediately woke up and felt magical about "referring to ge Yimin". At that time, his wife and children were at home. Ge Yimin was anointed as God.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: sorry! Your fallacies really make people laugh and cry! The creator created everything! But it will not be above all things, because 0 is ±, and ± is also 0. There is nothing! Some are illusions created by brain consciousness! See your own story, and then become God and holy. Do you know how I feel when I see your words? It's very sick!
　　
　　Dream that you are God! It only means that another space exists! Dream is the entrance of high-dimensional space! But everyone dreams! Does everyone have to be a saint like you? Whose problem is it! I didn't dream, but after I woke up, I saw my previous life through my third eye, just like a movie! Once I was a Taoist child practicing with master!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: ＾wordofgod￣ 16 1, "listen to him". These five words only appear when God speaks to Moses, Jesus and Ge Yimin. The daily language is: listen to him and listen to him.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ 5kzgep: the things developed by science and technology are beneficial to society and people. They are not allowed to harm people. The things developed by high technology harm people, so they will be destroyed!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: how can I harm people? How did you die?
　　
　　
　　
　　982. Yiyin mountain man: is the original Bible
　　
　　"This is my beloved son. Listen to him." That's what God said to the world! That means Jesus Christ is the son of God to save the world! But you use sleep as a pretext to let others listen to you! This is blasphemy! Moreover, all tangible materials in the world follow the law of "success, housing, bad and empty"! Have you ever seen a person who has never died in flesh since ancient times!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: God gave me the biggest vision: "I am God, you should listen to him (GE Yimin)." With Jesus.
　　
　　The immortality of the flesh began with Ge God 20331126.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: will God save the world have selfishness? Did you ask yourself? Is it holy? Before it is determined, it has already pulled people's heads, sold officials and divided barons! Only people in the material world will exchange for desire! Those who really understand the Tao understand that all things are illusions. They don't care about the names before and after death, because they are empty! meaningless!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: there is no official division and rank. I'm a saint. I'm kidding you, and I haven't made a wish to a saint.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: let's see why the little girls and old girls chasing brother Zi are so low-level and abusive to desecrate the Holy Spirit. In order to win the favor of saints, breaking photos, selling cute and salivating are really embarrassing! Did God Ge receive such preferential treatment! The saint has put down the little love in the world! Will you cry to death on the Internet!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I don't have any little girls or old girls who are chased for being saints. Ge Hua is a Christian Communist.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: wake up! Please wake yourself up before doing anything! Do you feel worthy as a saint? If you really can't do anything for sentient beings and others, we'd better be ordinary people. It's more important to live a good life! Everyone has his own life mission, do his homework and complete his life mission! do according to one's ability! Don't be greedy for holiness. The key depends on destiny! Lust is not escape after all!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: my life mission is the Savior.
　　
　　
　　
　　983. Yiyin mountain man: it seems that I replied above
　　
　　You didn't even listen! You didn't read it or couldn't understand it! In that case, we have nothing to say! I just advise you, let go of the children, let go of those poor creatures, and don't hurt them again! They have suffered enough when they came to the world! Don't hurt them again!
　　
　　Not make a wish, but make a big wish! Pay everything for the world and the people! Warm their hearts with love! It's not forcible extortion or oppression, but holding out love and giving her to everyone who lacks love!
　　
　　Human high technology is developing step by step. In fact, it is high-dimensional technology that has been gradually opened to human beings! Ask these scientists where their ideas come from. They all come from inspiration, from high dimension! However, since World War II, mankind has begun to use nuclear weapons, which poses a fatal threat to the future development of mankind. Therefore, since then, high dimension has continuously sent volunteers to the earth to guide mankind.
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: Yisheng, I've read what you said. I admit you have a level. No, it's called Yisheng.
　　
　　Like you, I only publicize ideas and write ＾wordofgod￣s for publicity.
　　
　　No one, no Ge Hua, even Ge Paul, was oppressed, but as a friend.
　　
　　984. Your theme [non starter] "Ge Shen Yi Wen record: the road to God"
　　
　　Author: Ge Yimin [updated to Chapter 3 on December 24, 2021] by Baihe_ Cold autumn delete
　　
　　Not in line with socialist core values
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: I was stunned after being brainwashed by the Bible! I can't afford your name! As an angel of light, as long as you can dedicate your meager power to all sentient beings! I'm already very happy! The others have nothing to do with me!
　　
　　Uh huh! Treat them as friends! If you can't do something, don't promise others. If there is no result, it is cheating! In fact, karma misleads others! Don't do evil!
　　
　　〃Xu Jinglei Kaila: I believe in the Bible and write more about ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　Yisheng, I have built a communist society, 20331126. What is evil?
　　
　　985. Apologize to netizens for the second ＾wordofgod￣
　　
　　These days, I read the post of Baidu incurable disease bar and cry every day. Zhuoma, flower media, witches, Yixi, babies, hollow bricks, etc. are all beautiful and kind-hearted women. They share their illness and mental journey, encourage people who are also ill, refer to their families, and enlighten healthy people. Two people mentioned that they didn't have the strength to lift the quilt at last. Zhuoma, in particular, believes in Buddhism and has the Dharma name of Jiehai master. Finally, she can only move her fingers and still type to share how she is dying. She helps too many people and makes people fully understand death and the baptism of the soul. This is the female Buddha.
　　
　　They have all left the world. I wish heaven well and there is no pain in heaven. I really want to revive them. What's more, I want to realize the great wish of the home page of Shenwang: "I want to appear great miracles countless times. Everyone in the world gets the information:" I'm Ge Yimin, you're healthy ", and then everyone in the world is completely healthy!"
　　
　　The golden rule of ＾wordofgod￣s: [against no one].
　　
　　Today, I apologize to netizens for the second section that seriously violates the golden rule of ＾wordofgod￣.
　　
　　First, the section of "Wenchuan earthquake", although the title is "angry patriotic thief", although it shows off its writing skills, although it only earns ＾wordofgod￣s for a short time.
　　
　　Second, the section of "seeing someone die" is not surprising, although it is marked with "post neural code"
　　
　　In this world, if your lover can't do it, then [don't fight anyone].
　　
　　Ge Yimin
　　
　　twenty million two hundred and twenty thousand one hundred and six
　　
　　
　　
　　986. Ge John: Ge Shen
　　
　　Ge Yimin: Hello, John Ge
　　
　　John Ge: I want to set up a deputy team of Ge Yimin education. I wonder if you agree or disagree
　　
　　Ge Yimin: agree:)
　　
　　John Gerhard: Thank you
　　
　　Ge Yimin: how?
　　
　　John Ge: I will definitely let Ge Yimin teach and shine on Ge Yimin
　　
　　Call the people who have discussed in my wechat to join
　　
　　Ge Yimin: OK
　　
　　John Gerhard: Thank you for your support
　　
　　Ge Yimin: Thank you for supporting me.
　　
　　John Gerrard: Oh
　　
　　all one to
　　
　　Ge Yimin: OK
　　
　　〃〃Ryu: Ge Yimin, are you still alive? Come on, come on, come on!
　　
　　I couldn't help laughing when I read your article all the way down！！
　　
　　Come to me on Weibo, or you will be buried in the sea of blogs in the small village!
　　
　　〃Geyimin: I was born in 1969. It's still early to die. 20331126 is eternal life. Come to Weibo to see if you mentioned me? What does this article mean? Hello, brother.
　　
　　
　　
　　987. Clockwork Red: in order to unite more Ge Yimin as much as possible
　　
　　Spring red 10:28:05
　　
　　It is necessary to award honorary Ge Yimin status to some of Ge Yimin's Utah spiritual leaders
　　
　　Spring red 10:28:15
　　
　　Marx is the honor of Ge Yimin
　　
　　Spring red 10:29:07
　　
　　At present, people who can be awarded the honor Ge Yimin include Jesus, Marx, Engels, Lenin, Trotsky, Freud and Hitler
　　
　　Plus a Nostradamus
　　
　　And Einstein
　　
　　Chaplin counts
　　
　　Clockwork red 10:31:32
　　
　　But only the dead spiritual leader of Utah can be awarded the honorary title of Ge Yimin
　　
　　Tutu is still alive
　　
　　Clockwork red 10:32:00
　　
　　Maybe he will be awarded the honorary title of Ge Yimin after he dies
　　
　　Spring red 10:32:36
　　
　　If you want to win the honorary title of Ge Yimin, you should hurry up, Zisha
　　
　　Spring green 12:16:13
　　
　　I'm Ge Yimin. I'm proud
　　
　　
　　
　　988. Ryu: the blog of the new immortal Ge Yimin
　　
　　Can not be seen by the villagers, that is to say, it is shielded.
　　
　　〃Geyimin: Hello, brother. Can't you see my blog post?
　　
　　It's the daily serial of Ge Shenyi's news.
　　
　　〃〃Ryu: I can see it after searching, but there is nothing about GE Shenxian in the blog introduction.
　　
　　In other words, shenxiange is shielded.
　　
　　〃Geyimin: Hello, brother. Yes, the original click is very high. Suddenly one day, the click is low, and there is no article display page in the right list.
　　
　　Moreover, it is close to the Communist Party here. There are sensitive words that can't be sent, and other overseas Chinese websites won't.
　　
　　
　　
　　989. The vast sea of people: more than 100 stickers of Ge in those years
　　
　　It's almost all covered with olives, but are some of them missing? Even the post bar number with the keyword "Ge Yimin" in the reply is intact, but the original user may not be online. For example, here is a Ge number I found in the post bar that has not been olive: Ge flowers all over the world.
　　
　　〃〃Deyang Lijuan: boundless good. I haven't seen this number. The old number of 9.7 years has only 10 posts. No wonder I didn't see it.
　　
　　Another: trial number, unsealed 2 numbers. Paul and I, one by one.
　　
　　〃Qiyu: I knew Ge Shen was nervous.
　　
　　〃No: No, no, no, I was praised.
　　
　　〃〃Qiyu: who was praised? Is it Ge Shen? What was praised? What did you say.
　　
　　〃Don't know: it doesn't have anything to do with the half dime surnamed Ge. Isn't he a big God stick.
　　
　　〃〃Qiyu: but in my heart, God Ge is yyds.
　　
　　〃Don't know: who are you talking about? Is our communication disconnected.
　　
　　〃〃Qiyu: it's Mr. Ge YM.
　　
　　〃Don't know: when I visited the bar, he was already the representative of the divine stick in the bar.
　　
　　〃〃Qiyu: Well, I was like that at that time, but he joked about himself, which has proved that he is very open-minded.
　　
　　〃Don't know: where do you think he makes sense?
　　
　　〃〃Qiyu: good behavior, entertain yourself, not afraid of ridicule.
　　
　　〃No:... All right.
　　
　　〃〃Prophecy dampness: Qi Shenghao, Ge Hua will thank you for seeing it.
　　
　　
　　
　　990. Trump: Thank God, thank God, thank the sun for shining on the earth
　　
　　How beautiful the world has become since I have you - to God Ge.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: Wandering together, wandering together, the years are full of intoxicating sweetness
　　
　　The sea may wither, the rocks may rot, the sky may collapse, and the earth may crack
　　
　　We held hands shoulder to shoulder
　　
　　！！- - to Qisheng.
　　
　　〃〃Trump: Post Bar is a virtual world, like a novel.
　　
　　However, with brother Liaoyuan and Ge Shen here, I suddenly feel at home, which is very real and warm. Thank you. Company is the longest confession.
　　
　　〃〃Ge black all over the world: Ge supreme is the biggest and greatest!
　　
　　〃Heaven, man and earth: how big the wool is.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Heiman: I'm three stories higher than you.
　　
　　〃Heaven, man and earth: you only have three layers, and how high the wool is.
　　
　　〃〃Prophecy dampness: aren't you afraid of Ge Hei Shuqi's big mouth? Can you argue?
　　
　　〃Ge black all over the world: Ge flowers are plants.
　　
　　If you're human,
　　
　　I am God.
　　
　　If I were human,
　　
　　You are animals.
　　
　　I'm honored to be a believer.
　　
　　〃〃Heaven, man and earth: you are nothing but a plague God.
　　
　　〃Ge black all over the world: Ge God is your father.
　　
　　〃〃Heaven, man and earth: you should be glad that the whole family can follow the God of plague.
　　
　　
　　
　　Dr. Ge Yimin: it's equivalent to sleeping in a coma
　　
　　And Shoko Asahara.
　　
　　〃Nugkta: at least Ge Yimin and Li Zehang are the same.
　　
　　〃〃Reed name War Ghost owl: I am God, listen to him. Create people
　　
　　"I'm on the left, and on my right is the extreme right." Ge Yimin
　　
　　I'm serious. Don't trust other accounts. Small waste
　　
　　〃Tianmen incident: this man's speech style reminds me of a person.
　　
　　One of the four old Internet philosophers in the era of Internet Philosophy
　　
　　Hezhi Taoist temple - Mr. Baiyun Yao Yuxiang, several volumes of fragments - Aunt Liu Zhongjing, Datong world - sexual disorder and freedom - Ge Yimin's natural filial son - Blue snake Guo Jinchang.
　　
　　However, it seems that only Yao Yuxiang and Liu Zhongjing have succeeded.
　　
　　〃〃Wkwk: Li Wei is a replica of LAN Zhi and an aunt is a replica of Ge Yimin.
　　
　　
　　
　　992. Gerpaul: the sun is red in the sky
　　
　　The sun in my heart is Ge Yimin
　　
　　He led us to liberation
　　
　　The people turned over to be the masters of the family
　　
　　Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo
　　
　　The people turned over to be the masters of the family
　　
　　The sun is red in the sky
　　
　　The sun in my heart is Ge Yimin
　　
　　He led us to liberation
　　
　　The people turned over to be the masters of the family
　　
　　Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo Yo
　　
　　The people turned over to be the masters of the family
　　
　　
　　
　　993, xm02: [repent mistakes] internet stars should also abstain from sex! C Quit lust
　　
　　I used to be an Internet celebrity with many female fans. I asked one of them out to commit adultery just because of a sudden evil idea. At that time, I didn't realize how much harm it was. I only wanted physical happiness, so that my body became weaker and weaker. Finally, my body couldn't hold up and fell down.
　　
　　After my affair with female fans was exposed, all my fans left me and fell from the peak of life to the trough of life. For a long time, I have been living in an environment despised by everyone.
　　
　　However, after investigating the experiences of countless losers who fell from peak to trough, I found that they all have one thing in common, that is, they are all confused by women and controlled by desire; Finally, I personally sent my future into the bottomless abyss. At this time, I suddenly realized that all the pain I suffered came from prostitution and indulgence in desire.
　　
　　After that, I tried my best to get rid of prostitution, but I still couldn't get rid of it by using many methods. At a loss, I found it here when looking for the answer on the Internet. After watching the boutique post, I suddenly became enlightened. Therefore, in order to establish my determination to get rid of prostitution, I decided to publish a post in this bar to repent my past abominable behavior, At the same time, it is also a warning for those who see it.
　　
　　After that, the last photo of me now: Ge Yimin's photo (with dark color)
　　
　　〃Yi Ni dust: you are so lucky that you can hook up female fans.
　　
　　〃〃Yhxmj2: two earlobes and shoulder, me too.
　　
　　〃Struggle master's: come on, no matter what your previous life experience or yourself, getting infected with adultery will eventually be a bad result. It's doomed. The landlord is actually very charming, especially his eyes. Unfortunately, it's turbid because of adultery. Naturally, there are some bad situations, but it's not too late to find out. It only takes two years and health preservation, The body will certainly recover. Come on, men are men because of the essence! I hope the landlord will recover soon!
　　
　　〃〃Mo Yixuan Shang: your eyes are so scary.
　　
　　〃Leftover man 300: what do you do? There are female fans.
　　
　　〃〃Central hiding: it looks fake.
　　
　　〃Youxin endlessly I: come on, it's not a problem to make a comeback.
　　
　　〃〃Many avenues: what's the matter with your cult on the Internet!
　　
　　〃Quan Zhilong's cousin: don't blame the female fans for your impulse.
　　
　　
　　
　　994. Zhihu user d574d3: I want to listen to you.
　　
　　〃〃Deyang Lijuan: listen to ge.
　　
　　〃Trump: because of you, the world has become so beautiful.
　　
　　〃〃Xeqzgfrumlk: stop propagating crimes to harm people.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: you and me.
　　
　　We create a new world.
　　
　　Living like an ordinary person is happier.
　　
　　〃〃Xeqzgfrumlk: how many guns do your gang have now?
　　
　　〃Clown kiss: you are three months late and miss the time to brush the screen for GE Shen.
　　
　　〃〃Xiao Shikun: Evil Cult maggot roll.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Qisheng, we want freedom.
　　
　　〃〃Jinmu: freedom is too difficult. You can't control your own destiny. What about freedom.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: little freedom, gradually...
　　
　　For example, now, everyone has free boiled water and free rice (steamed bread)... Progressive satisfaction...
　　
　　At least the heart is free and the soul is free.
　　
　　〃〃Jinmu: then how can you make sure that you are in control? This aspect is free.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: material can only rely on work, but our mind is unique.
　　
　　
　　
　　995. Xu Hanli: I have scriptures.
　　
　　〃_ Feeling heart: it's useless for a book to know its literal meaning without feeling its meaning!
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: I wrote it myself.
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong: I am on the left of the Father God, and Jesus is on the right of the Father God. What about you? where are you?
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: I'm the Father God. I don't see you on the left.
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong: Ge Xie, you are an evil spirit from Satan. If you don't repent, you will be cut off with your own grandchildren!
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: why am I ge Xie? Which sentence?
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong: This is a trumpet of Ge Xie. It's your little trick of self praise!
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Comrade Xiao Li, calling God is not dedicated to ge Xie. You call the son of God no different from calling God.
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong: Ge Xie, I'm not called God, but faithfully tell the world who I am according to the identity told by the heavenly Father God? Unlike you ge Xie, you are just bewitched by evil spirits and call yourself God! I'm loyal, you're lying!
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Psalm 82:6: I (God) said, you are God, all sons of the most high.
　　
　　According to the Bible, the son of God is God.
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: didn't go! Why did God Ge change his name again?
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Yimei, why do you call me Ge Shen?
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: head portrait or Xu Jinglei! Either God or powder! Ge Shen's theory of physical immortality only belongs to the successful son of the universe! It doesn't belong to ordinary people who don't even put down their lust!
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: 1. You are familiar with people's appearance. I am face blind.
　　
　　2. Xu Jinglei belongs to God Ge in the holy bar
　　
　　3. I think only eternal life is meaningful, otherwise death is eternal.
　　
　　〃Yiyin mountain man: because from beginning to end, they are the number of Xu Jinglei's head. They talk to me the most! But the name seems different! Besides, every time there is a prophecy that the physical body in the world will live forever! If you are not God Ge, why not be yourself! Even different avatars! Why be like others! Live a unique self! Although, you agree with it very much!
　　
　　The body is also energy. It vibrates all the time. It vibrates at low frequency. It can't be seen by the ordinary naked eye. When the third eye is opened at high frequency, you can see that the materials in three-dimensional space are vibrating! The entity seen by the naked eye is because the human body is made. The visible range of the naked eye is only set in the visible light range, and the annunciator reduces the vibration amplitude signal of the object until it looks stationary!
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Yimei, after all, the body turns into ashes and belongs to nothingness (emptiness).
　　
　　
　　
　　996. Li Yonghong: How dare you call yourself God
　　
　　And said he created god! God is the supreme source. Everything comes from God. How ignorant you are!
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: This is not GE's heresy, but God himself. It comes from the Internet:
　　
　　God: Ge Yimin created the creator, the creator created God, and God created mankind
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: no fire! Not in line with the way of nature! Where should energy go after death! Dust to dust, earth to earth! Natural death is the way of man! People who die abnormally are guilty of too much!
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: 1. There are more cremation now.
　　
　　2. I don't agree with the last sentence. I suggest you take a look at the incurable disease, at least to better understand death.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: This is what GE ye said under the pretext of God!
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: this paragraph really comes from the Internet, and there is a long string behind it, Buddha or something. Ge Xie comes from netizen Mingjing shuistop.
　　
　　〃〃Yiyin mountain man: cremation is not advisable! The human body is composed of different energy components. Where does life come from and where to go after death? If you burn a fire, you can't go where you should go! This is also one of the reasons why the earth's energy is unbalanced and there are more and more disasters! It is in line with the universal road for a person to die naturally without disease and disaster! But now there are too many man-made evils. In the end, they don't live to the life arranged by heaven. The blessings are wasted, and they die young!
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: but now it's cremation, except Huihui and so on. Incurable diseases and accidents can't be said to be evil.
　　
　　997. Real name / Ge Yimin - an encyclopedia to expose the evil deeds of the vulgar circle
　　
　　Esugou / real name / Ge Yimin
　　
　　！！Ge Yimin theological party is a kind of doctrine, an idea, a theory and a theory, that is, peaceful and harmonious Ge Yimin theological values, not an organization.
　　
　　Ge Yimin, a native of Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, claims to be God, attempts to engage in cults and illegally establish political parties. His remarks are aimed at subverting the state power. It is suggested that GE Yimin himself cooperate with foreign forces to strive for the opportunity to establish a dry and rotten t Dynasty and a Chinese Federation
　　
　　〃2047 ? For example, I am an atheist and occasionally ridicule, but I will not expel religious people. Ge Yimin is another administrator. After the ban, I unsealed and created a religious section with him. I am against pseudoscience, but 2047 has astrology and divination lovers.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Yimin of Mohu's website has admitted that he was operating. Shouldn't he be arrested immediately
　　
　　〃 https://www.enmsb.com/article/ The Lord Jesus spoke of ＾wordofgod￣s html
　　
　　Ge Yimin's "＾wordofgod￣s" of contemporary Christian communism_ The Lord Jesus speaks ＾wordofgod￣ - Grace cow net
　　
　　
　　
　　998. Sunny Matcha Matcha: it's enough to see the Great Harmony of the world in this life
　　
　　Is it 2040 or 2069 to predict the time of world Datong?
　　
　　〃〃Prophecy: 20326 dampness
　　
　　〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: is it really that accurate?
　　
　　〃〃Prophecy of dampness: great vision
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: World Datong on November 26, 2033. (vision 29)
　　
　　〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: another step closer, just 12 years.
　　
　　〃〃Prophecy dampness: efforts~~~~
　　
　　〃I hope I'm not the prophet: is it reliable?
　　
　　〃〃Prophecy of dampness: great miracle
　　
　　〃I hope I'm not a prophet: where did the great miracle come from?
　　
　　〃〃Predicting dampness: ＾wordofgod￣s
　　
　　〃I hope I'm not the right one: it seems that you know a lot
　　
　　〃〃Prophecy dampness: because I have ＾wordofgod￣s
　　
　　20331126 immortality
　　
　　〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: how to live forever? The body cannot live forever.
　　
　　〃〃Predict dampness: science is approaching and breaking through.
　　
　　〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: first solve some incurable diseases and then talk about immortality.
　　
　　〃〃Prophecy dampness: well said, but if the miracles are simultaneous.
　　
　　〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: what is a miracle?
　　
　　〃〃Prophecy of dampness: God makes human health and eternal life. twenty million three hundred and thirty-one thousand one hundred and twenty-six
　　
　　
　　
　　999. Paul Ge: are you the general book of the Communist Party of Ge?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 20:01:22, February 14, 2022
　　
　　Yeah
　　
　　Gerpaul 2022-2-14 20:02:07
　　
　　Am I Zhu Xi?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 20:03:26, February 14, 2022
　　
　　good
　　
　　Gerpaul 2022-2-14 20:03:55
　　
　　Is the Communist Party of Georgia like the Soviet Union, or are you all alone? I think it's all right
　　
　　Because I can't get a third person
　　
　　Ge Yimin 20:04:22, February 14, 2022
　　
　　Decentralization
　　
　　Ge John, Xiao Teng
　　
　　Gerpaul 2022-2-14 20:05:17
　　
　　I'd better be Zhu Xi of the country alone,,,
　　
　　Gerpaul 2022-2-14 20:05:24
　　
　　You are the total book,,,
　　
　　Ge Yimin 20:06:07, February 14, 2022
　　
　　good
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022-2-14 19:12:55
　　
　　Let the theologians live forever first
　　
　　Fart people don't need it. It's a waste of air
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2022-2-14 19:14:23
　　
　　Everyone, the divine salvation
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022-2-14 19:15:22
　　
　　What if resources are not enough?
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2022-2-14 19:15:43
　　
　　Enough, just uneven
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022-2-14 19:15:58
　　
　　On average, we are all poor
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2022-2-14 19:16:14
　　
　　Ocean, wasteland, Siberia
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022-2-14 19:16:27
　　
　　Can people live in these places?
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2022-2-14 19:16:50
　　
　　Technology, resources
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022-2-14 19:17:46
　　
　　Are you xizuo?
　　
　　I thought you were a Leninist
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2022-2-14 19:18:17
　　
　　Unique
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022-2-14 19:18:36
　　
　　Similar to the west left, it feels like the elements of YSL and Stalinism are stitched together
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2022-2-14 19:19:26
　　
　　God + communism
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022-2-14 19:21:30
　　
　　We Stalinists absolutely support God Ge
　　
　　Geyimin community party (GCP for short)
　　
　　
　　
　　1000. Sunny Matcha Matcha: is God a group of aliens?
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: God is a man, God Ge
　　
　　〃〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: Ge is a cult.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: how do you know?
　　
　　〃〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: Ge Xie, everyone knows it's a cult.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: what's your proof of evil?
　　
　　〃〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: your avatar proves that you are Ge Xie's man.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: my head is Xu Jinglei.
　　
　　I mean, you think Ge is proof of evil?
　　
　　Are you a woman?
　　
　　〃〃Jinmu: why is this bar so boring? Where have the old people gone.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: give up a batch, turn away (don't play) a batch, and the others are diving.
　　
　　〃〃Jinmu: Alas, that's how people live.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: only eternal life, otherwise, death is eternal.
　　
　　〃〃Jinmu: immortality is too difficult.
　　
　　〃Predicted dampness: 20331126
　　
　　〃〃Jinmu: can you live forever then?
　　
　　〃Prophecy of dampness: energy, big day.
　　
　　Great miracle, welcome this date.
　　
　　〃〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: there are cults outside religion.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: religions came into being in different times. For example, when the three major religions, Buddhism was born in the 6th century BC and Christianity was born at the beginning of the year, was it "all cults except religion" When Islam was born in the 6th century, was it "all cults except religion"
　　
　　
　　
　　
　　4 Volume IV
　　
　　
　　
　　1. Paul Gekko: does God Gekko's universal harmony kill all those who can't
　　
　　Our god religion has long been the God Rabbit anti band V suture
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 17:37:50
　　
　　Everyone's unity and resurrection.
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 18:14:26
　　
　　What is the full name of Ge Gong@ Ge Yimin
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 18:25:41
　　
　　Christian Communist Union
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 18:25:55
　　
　　This is good
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 18:26:05
　　
　　Kyodo Alliance
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 18:26:07
　　
　　Ge Yimin plans to make a theme for my ambition
　　
　　[anonymous] xiaowhirlwind 18:26:37
　　
　　After the death of Lenin, will ge Yimin be overthrown by Stalin, who is more conservative,,,
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 18:27:14
　　
　　20331126 immortality
　　
　　[anonymous] xiaowhirlwind 18:27:27
　　
　　Is Paul also immortal?
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 18:29:02
　　
　　Does God have eternal life@ Ge Yimin
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 18:29:08
　　
　　all
　　
　　Great miracle
　　
　　[anonymous] xiaowhirlwind 18:31:45
　　
　　Then I can't wait for the coalition to blast into the asshole of Western liberals,,,
　　
　　I always feel that this co blending is not like real co blending, like social people @ Ge Yimin
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 18:33:50
　　
　　God + communism
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 18:35:50
　　
　　I think so. The way of realization is too close to the people
　　
　　Relative to me, I support the prohibition of speech and body against God Ge and the elimination of unbelievers.
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 18:36:55
　　
　　The road of proletarian violent dictatorship will not work. Only the road of construction can lead to communism safely. Violent revolution can not achieve the purpose of changing the social form of economy.
　　
　　[anonymous] xiaowhirlwind 18:38:09
　　
　　I'm not afraid that the right people here will smash your dog's head
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 18:38:31
　　
　　I am God
　　
　　[anonymous] Yunli King Kong 18:38:38
　　
　　Please don't slander God Ge. Violent revolution can never achieve the goal of a better society. Only natural good circulation can do
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 18:38:40
　　
　　twenty million three hundred and thirty-one thousand one hundred and twenty-six
　　
　　[anonymous] Yunli King Kong 18:38:49
　　
　　Yes, it must be!
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 18:39:00
　　
　　Whoever dares to oppose God Ge, we will kill his head!
　　
　　[anonymous] Yunli King Kong 18:39:05
　　
　　The ultimate Datong society must be virtuous and virtuous
　　
　　Against Ge Shen's group, smoke three and kill one!
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 18:39:30
　　
　　Long live the great members of the Ge Communist Party!
　　
　　[anonymous] Yunli King Kong 18:39:36
　　
　　Seeing so many theological believers questioning God Ge is like cutting my heart!
　　
　　[anonymous] Yum! General18:40:20
　　
　　The people say it's God Ge, and God Ge says it's the people
　　
　　[anonymous] Yunli King Kong 18:40:29
　　
　　Welcoming the Great Harmony Society of God Religion
　　
　　I'm ready
　　
　　Are you ready?
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 18:41:59
　　
　　The right man is just the left man who doesn't realize it
　　
　　The purpose of you right people is also for human progress
　　
　　It's no different from the left
　　
　　The difference lies in that one emphasizes the international and the other emphasizes the national
　　
　　We have a direct one-step approach
　　
　　Nothing is a problem
　　
　　[anonymous] xiaowhirlwind 18:43:52
　　
　　good
　　
　　[anonymous] Yunli King Kong 18:44:16
　　
　　Lenin has laughed for you
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 18:44:23
　　
　　What about conquering Europe? @ Ge Yimin
　　
　　Is it force?
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 18:45:04
　　
　　High school dreams rely on miracles
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 18:45:30
　　
　　If they dare to resist militarily, we will use the people's army to crush their body and land!
　　
　　[anonymous] xiaowhirlwind 18:52:05
　　
　　Yunli King Kong
　　
　　Lenin has laughed for you
　　
　　Lenin is a messenger in front of God Ge
　　
　　God Ge can live forever. Can Lenin?
　　
　　[anonymous] Yunli King Kong 18:53:09
　　
　　Lenin soaked in holy water
　　
　　Flesh does not rot
　　
　　When the big one comes, he can turn around and break through the customs and lead us
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 18:53:34
　　
　　twenty million three hundred and thirty-one thousand one hundred and twenty-six
　　
　　Also, he became an apprentice to God Ge
　　
　　[anonymous] Yum general 18:55:23
　　
　　It's not as good as GE Shen
　　
　　[anonymous] Yunli King Kong 18:55:56
　　
　　It is suggested that GE Shen find an opportunity to go north to Zibo
　　
　　Talk to writer, writer, well-known actor, philosopher and wolf shepherd Yun Jie
　　
　　Paul (1973) 11835:56
　　
　　Zhang Jie is an obvious chicken
　　
　　Not as good as the spiritual Roman Yang Fan
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 18:57:11
　　
　　Although they are all people who pretend to know nothing, at least the Rome worshipped by Yang Fan is much stronger than Zhang Jie's decadent Confucianism.
　　
　　[anonymous] xiaowhirlwind 18:57:58
　　
　　Salvation
　　
　　God Ge and His believers are all from a professional background,,,
　　
　　Yunjie is a sender
　　
　　[anonymous] Yunli King Kong 18:58:27
　　
　　Starred in the famous war drama snow leopard
　　
　　Wrote a novel, Ten Thousand Buddhas reborn
　　
　　There are many poems
　　
　　[anonymous] xiaowhirlwind 18:59:07
　　
　　Ge Shen has national certification, and his name cannot be issued on the Chinese Internet. Does Jie Zi have it?
　　
　　[anonymous] Yum! General18:59:25
　　
　　Yunjie is a sender
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 19:01:42
　　
　　Good supplement
　　
　　[anonymous] xiaowhirlwind 19:03:34
　　
　　How did God Ge destroy the rabbit,,,
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 19:04:04
　　
　　Those who are willing to read me will keep it. Those who are unwilling will be cooked and killed by the whole family.
　　
　　[anonymous] xiaowhirlwind 19:04:37
　　
　　OK! support! Ge Wang!
　　
　　
　　
　　2. Sunny Matcha Matcha: what is the purpose of establishing Ge Xie?
　　
　　〃Prophecy of dampness: World Datong 20331126
　　
　　〃〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: so accurate, it must be false.
　　
　　〃Prophecy of dampness: ＾wordofgod￣ I 29, 20131126 strange dream: the demise of the political party 20 years later (2033). In a harmonious Communist society, mankind's peaceful and mutually beneficial management no longer needs a dictatorship party.
　　
　　〃〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: what do you mean.
　　
　　〃Post bar users_ Ateazxg:: there's no need to tangle with him. It's no use talking too much. I'll know then.
　　
　　〃〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: just want to see what she has.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: can't make it all. Material is ＾wordofgod￣.
　　
　　〃〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: neuropathy?
　　
　　〃Prophecy of dampness: ＾wordofgod￣s, scriptures.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Hei Yimin: God Ge wants to turn the earth into God GE's factory.
　　
　　〃Heise Miyan: isn't Ge ＾wordofgod￣ advocating lust? I don't know how many women have been cheated by him.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Hei Yimin: Yes.
　　
　　〃Mikhiko Kurosaka: this doctrine alone will bring society into disaster.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Hei Yimin: they are all voluntary.
　　
　　We Ge Hua are all demons. We don't care what you say.
　　
　　〃Mikhiko Kurosawa: is Ge fart a demon lifter? what do you mean?
　　
　　〃〃Ge Hei Yimin: it means to be a devil.
　　
　　〃Heise Miyan: Alas, that batch of cattle.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Hei Yimin: God Ge told us to win without a bottom line.
　　
　　〃Prediction of dampness: ＾wordofgod￣ x 66. The goal of human evolution is to complete human nature. Only when individuals get absolute freedom can human nature be fully realized.
　　
　　3. Sunny Matcha Matcha: an evil classic of ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: have you read it?
　　
　　〃〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: everything about GE is evil.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: why is your impression evil? Evidence?
　　
　　〃〃Zhao Zilong: at present, the encirclement is getting smaller and smaller. Let's focus on the core who will be purple.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: which ones?
　　
　　〃〃Zhao Zilong is also: go back and summarize and send it again.
　　
　　〃Predict dampness: say a few first.
　　
　　〃〃Zhao Zilong: you're just one. Ha ha ha.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: I'm just gehei.
　　
　　Saints are women and saints are men.
　　
　　hey.
　　
　　I'm a saint. Where's the saint?
　　
　　When to untie the seal, ha ha.
　　
　　〃〃Zhao Zilong: you haven't been instructed by her.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: who is she?
　　
　　〃〃Ge Hei Yimin: what about you?
　　
　　〃Zhao Zilong is also: * *.... Are you jealous of God Ge?
　　
　　〃〃Ge Hei Yimin: I didn't find it. Ge Shen is great!
　　
　　〃Zhao Zilong: you don't have the ability. If you have the ability, why don't you say you and say he's a purple man?
　　
　　Jealous maniac.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Hei Yimin: only Ge Shen, only ＾wordofgod￣.
　　
　　Ge Shen said that we Ge Hua should actively eliminate our competitors.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: is he purple man? Who is he?
　　
　　〃〃Zhao Zilong is also: at present, the post bar puts Ge shenfang purple man as the seed player. If you come out, there will be one more seed player, hahaha.
　　
　　〃Ge Hei Yimin: you don't believe in ＾wordofgod￣s and won't die. We're very embarrassed.
　　
　　〃〃Prophecy dampness: I'm just a gehei.
　　
　　
　　
　　4. Sunny Matcha Matcha: can you introduce Ge Jiao?
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: Contemporary Christian communism.
　　
　　〃〃Mikhiko Kurosawa: isn't Gerrard black? It advocates indulgence and wants social women to have sex at any time. Its skin is so dark and its brain has problems.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: Chinese people, it's not black. Some photos are light.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar user qetassr: I really want to know how you evaluate who is a saint Ge Hei Yimin: they all hype themselves. What else do they use to evaluate Xu Hanli: it's very simple: you are, others are not Post bar users_ 5k6p89b: if he is a saint, he will feel sad to see others deny himself Xu Hanli: it takes time. Jesus was nailed to death Lucky nameless: what is a vision book? Where can I see it?
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: ＾wordofgod￣, search Ge Shenwang.
　　
　　〃Lucky none_ Name: Thank you
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Baidu has it at once.
　　
　　〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: cults are cults. They also climb Christianity and communism.
　　
　　〃〃Prophecy dampness: Chapter 10 Christian Communist Manifesto
　　
　　
　　
　　5. Paul Gerber: what if the gods rule the earth and there is not enough resources?
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 19:10:55
　　
　　Create resources
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 19:14:01
　　
　　Magical powers come out?
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 19:16:12
　　
　　Datong world, unnecessary labor is not needed.
　　
　　All do the work of creating resources.
　　
　　Wastelands, oceans, Siberia and even Antarctica.
　　
　　Paul (1973) 11819:42
　　
　　OK, did the cult consider the competitors? What if the opponent also has divine power, but it is capitalism or fascism
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 19:17:17
　　
　　Only through great miracles and unified thinking can there be great harmony.
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 19:17:51
　　
　　You didn't answer the competitor's questions directly,,,
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 19:18:17
　　
　　All accepted, no opponent
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 19:18:33
　　
　　You are a communist
　　
　　Some people are fascist and capitalist
　　
　　There are always conflicts
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 19:19:36
　　
　　Let them accept it. Let's rely on miracles
　　
　　Like Marxism Leninism, it spreads to the poles of the earth.
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 19:21:56
　　
　　What if they have a miracle
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 19:22:20
　　
　　No, God is the only one.
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 19:22:25
　　
　　Also right
　　
　　Monotheism has no other gods
　　
　　The others are little ants. God Ge crushed them casually
　　
　　If you don't accept it, you'll make a plan
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 19:23:29
　　
　　Publicity is the only means.
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 19:24:51
　　
　　Violent Evangelism
　　
　　
　　
　　6. Wanse is empty: I heard that a 2 goods wrote this neurological ~ disease!
　　
　　Where are there? Look, I want to laugh. It's so boring!
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: ha ha, search Ge Shenwang.
　　
　　〃〃All colors are empty: it's not good-looking. It's all daydreams. It's a miracle. He's just dreaming!
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: This is Chapter 1 of chapter 27: vision book.
　　
　　〃〃Black Miyan: this second product is called Ge ＾wordofgod￣. I've read his ＾wordofgod￣ before. Shit, it's just a cult thing, and it's fake. Worthy of being a psychopath.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: the book of faith, the first 26 chapters of the canon, still has content.
　　
　　〃〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: Cult! Identification completed!
　　
　　〃Predict dampness: according to what identification?
　　
　　〃〃-: I feel like a foreigner.
　　
　　〃Black Miyan: I feel that GE ＾wordofgod￣ is reincarnated like an Indian. Otherwise, how could it be so wonderful.
　　
　　〃〃-: it does look a bit like it.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: Jews, almost.
　　
　　〃〃Mikhiko Kurosawa: Gerrard, do Indians deserve to be called Jewish pigs?
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: he declared that he was Jewish in the hospital. The eye socket is deep.
　　
　　
　　
　　7. Jeme must be a believer in God!!
　　
　　Why build a district here by yourself_ Yemei bar
　　
　　Posting time: January 13, 2006
　　
　　I also saw yexue's reply in other posts, saying that God has been walking with Yemei... What did yexue say... What God has been walking with Yemei! Can you say that? The most powerful thing is to walk with God. What's the meaning of God walking with Jerome? Say again
　　
　　〃220.160.88.* Saint Jeme is a human demon Pretend to be Jesus' sister Write what [Jeme Sutra].
　　
　　It's called Saint Jeme who records the language of saints. What should you write.
　　
　　〃〃Saint Jeme Yexue and plastic are the same person So many Christians compete to be a nervous patient Play in the palm of the hand for so long that you can't detect the three facts and one Let it spray out what [Yemei menstruation] cheat money and color If you use the chicken with the smallest brain capacity
　　
　　
　　
　　8. About "plastic goods: shelling Ge Yimin Education - a big character newspaper of mine"
　　
　　〃Angry Hedgehog: in the past, when I looked for a piece of information, I also came out of Yemei's website when I searched, so I went in and looked at it for a few minutes... Before I knew that there was such a person in the world.
　　
　　If it is really discrimination against heresy, is it appropriate to use this title??
　　
　　Besides, I don't think anyone with a little brain will believe such absurd things,
　　
　　However, this post makes many people who don't know what to teach know this teaching
　　
　　Most people don't know this person???
　　
　　〃〃Plastic products: This Yemeni religion has been discussed in various forums in the past, as well as Jonah. You can find it by searching. Old members know it. As one of them, I send this, which should be helpful for everyone to recognize it.
　　
　　The so-called big character newspaper is just for shock and attraction. I am his friend. My intention is to save him, but I can only take strong medicine and continue. If a sinner repents, heaven will be happy.
　　
　　This Jeme was discussed in major internal forums a few years ago and was designated as heresy, as well as Jonah. I exposed his so-called "33" year old and the identity halo of Xinhua news agency, which must be beneficial for brothers and sisters to recognize him.
　　
　　Bible: strive to argue for a word handed over to the apostles!
　　
　　From man, God will be corrupted;
　　
　　A man of God cannot be corrupted.
　　
　　But Ge Yimin is completely self-centered, so he calls himself God. In his eyes, the Bible, Jesus and God are all his tools.
　　
　　Who can bear the banner of Christianity?
　　
　　"Alwin: basically, it's a joke. What extent does a person want woodlouse to believe in him?
　　
　　〃〃Plasticity: I have been in Ge Yimin for a long time. In his eyes, the Bible, Jesus and God are just his tools. He just fantasizes about his communist society. Unification.
　　
　　〃Stupid fish: no matter who he is, as long as he talks to me about the Communist society ~ ~ ~ he is crazy in my eyes! Even if he was how much I adore!
　　
　　The possibility of creating a communist society is even less likely than ants to make elephants pregnant!
　　
　　〃〃Angry Hedgehog: How did this post come up again??
　　
　　Curious, to what extent is it incredible that people will believe that Mei??
　　
　　〃〃Plastic goods: there are a number of small left and old left on the Internet who still believe in communism.
　　
　　
　　
　　9. Hit the zombie with nosebleed: where's the bar owner? Seal that GE Yishen or something.
　　
　　Don't let Ben Yu see your various websites, domain names, microblogs and other things to spread your cult.
　　
　　This person has changed his website. You might as well change your map and Chinese characters. Don't let Ben see you spreading cults again.
　　
　　What you did, what you uploaded on those websites, as long as you check, there are records in the cloud. Don't make any PS pictures. It's fake, but it's true.
　　
　　See the cult of light death. Shut down your website. You have to be obedient, you know. Or Ben will take care of you.
　　
　　The bar owner sealed him and deleted my post. If you want to see what you think, you can't move you. Is it you who left behind or you who left behind.
　　
　　Benyu has been put on record. If something happens, you can instigate the ignorant, fearless and self Immolation to move Benyu. Die together. Ben is not afraid of death. Pull you a cult leader and die together. It depends on whether you are a true God or a false god?
　　
　　〃Heise Miyan: Ge farts are nervous all day. It's annoying to see Ge ＾wordofgod￣. It's clear that GE ＾wordofgod￣ is just a neuropathy.
　　
　　〃〃Prophecy dampness: landlord, tell me about the remaining evidence you said?
　　
　　
　　
　　10. Kuroshiko: it seems that GE ＾wordofgod￣ is not good for nothing.
　　
　　〃Predict dampness: there are ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　〃The special envoy of the universe condemned: the prophet said: God said: Evil Ge is not God, and God will punish Ge for disorderly changing the Bible.
　　
　　〃〃2007 chunlu55: Ge Pai deleted saints' posts at that time, and there was no hope of development.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: when did you get out of the mountain?
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong: Ge Xie is not a God. He belongs to the dark camp! Thus says the Lord, the king of Israel and the Redeemer of Israel, the Lord of hosts: I am the first and the last; There is no real God except me. (Isaiah 44:6 and NIV)
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: Ge Xie has no camp and is independent.
　　
　　〃〃Zhenjiang 5111: Thank you for your praise.
　　
　　If someone thinks that the Zhulian clan is correct now, he thinks that the ancient nine Zhulian clans are also correct, and the ten fangxiaoru clans are also correct. The difference is only the degree, not the essence.
　　
　　〃Sage of crape myrtle: worship God Ge.
　　
　　〃〃Prophesy dampness: peace.
　　
　　〃Hit the zombie with nosebleed: take out your neural works and let Ben see what they are.
　　
　　〃〃Prophecy dampness: soge God Network
　　
　　
　　
　　11. Snow tamarisk Jane: how to share wealth?
　　
　　The development of the world is far from reaching the point where people do not need to cultivate all food and all artificial intelligence for clothing, food, housing and transportation. Your consciousness is so high. Donate your family first. There are still hungry people all over the world!
　　
　　〃Ge Hua: Chapter 18 socialized production and Internet revolution
　　
　　＾wordofgod￣s are renewing the human mind.
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: I am God.
　　
　　〃Jane: great God! Chinese character culture is broad and profound!
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: what does "Ge" mean?
　　
　　〃Jane: when you sit on the top, naturally a group of people will talk and interpret around you! I am neither Baidu nor Xinhua dictionary. What do you ask me to do?
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: hands in the sky and feet on the ground.
　　
　　〃Jane: I only saw a man in a straw hat kneeling on the ground.
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: well said, there are days and places, you and me.
　　
　　
　　
　　12. Prophesy dampness: salvation, such as ＾wordofgod￣s.
　　
　　〃Black Miyan: ＾wordofgod￣ is just a typical poisonous chicken soup.
　　
　　〃〃Prophecy dampness: have you read it?
　　
　　〃Demolition office Liu Jie: falsely claiming to be a prophet is a heresy.
　　
　　You're right, but you've gone a little too far by piecing together biblical proverbs and your own thoughts and falsely calling them "scriptures"!
　　
　　The only truth in the world is the Bible. There is no Jeme Sutra. Is there a delusion to spread? You've really gone too far!
　　
　　〃〃222.213.165.* I hope he doesn't become the son of destruction.
　　
　　〃Sword of light: we are all Christians. Why are we not moved by Jeme?
　　
　　Our priest never mentioned yeme,
　　
　　Why didn't the Chinese Christian Association Magazine Tianfeng hear from Yemei?
　　
　　Be careful to steal the glory of God. No one has come to a good end in history, but the time has not yet come.
　　
　　〃〃Chosen by the LORD: the Lord has revealed to me that Jerome wants to be equal with the Lord Jesus Brothers and sisters in the Lord should be vigilant and not be deceived.
　　
　　〃06_ 6_ 28: he wants to take his place
　　
　　But I'm afraid of being accused too obviously
　　
　　Only by hiding one's ears and stealing one's bell
　　
　　Like the Pope
　　
　　"Self thinking" can hide from people's eyes
　　
　　But... He forgot that the Lord is a judge of the heart
　　
　　Even if you can deceive everyone
　　
　　I can't fool you.
　　
　　〃〃Chosen by the LORD: Jeme, is your revelation the Lord's revelation? You can ask believers to comment on the following Because it can be seen at a glance whether those who really believe in the Lord or those who have been deceived by Satan
　　
　　〃Yexue: Well, Yemei is in charge. Don't worry about it.
　　
　　13. Huang Ho: have you seen it? This is the true face of song deception!
　　
　　I want my image to replace Christ. If you really have the ability, you should also apply to the "three self" for religious legal person? Can you get a church out like Christ and let me see? Of course, the family church is fine. Even drug addicts know how to have a family party these days!
　　
　　One day, the church opened. Remember to leave the address and I'll take my brothers to support it.
　　
　　Whether he lied or not was clear to him. And you too! The judicial department also has some relevant evidence, which will be known during the trial!
　　
　　〃Go to the Lord Jesus a: "go to the Lord Jesus" is now "shut out" by Christianity! Who's protecting phyllorum?? Why? Who's protecting "leaf mold"? I am asking him (her) for advice on recognizing "visions" according to the Bible!!! I just said that I was not afraid to lose my post. I didn't expect to be directly expelled by force! Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
　　
　　As we all know, what the rest of us rely on - fundamentally - is his or her so-called "vision". In addition, their set is just a joke or rubbish! As long as we can judge the characteristics of "visions" according to the Bible itself, it is not difficult to completely expose the lie of leaf fungus!!!
　　
　　Leaf fungus and others cunningly evade the fundamental problem, or prove their own determination! We are a group of people who judge whether they are true or not!!!
　　
　　〃〃Yesterday's smile: Lao Ge, I want to ask you something:
　　
　　Don't you and your hawks and dogs preach that there are many websites with your "also without classics"? Where are they? Come here, give me the website and I'll send my argument one by one - truth is not afraid of debate. Don't talk nonsense everywhere with your family's words. Let me also say a few words.
　　
　　By the way, I also want to ask you something: what do you do for a living now?? How much money have you saved in the past three or five years? How did you save it? Talk to everyone.
　　
　　〃Guo Hongmei: there are many forums online. See yemei.com http://www.gegod.com/lj.html
　　
　　The Jeme Sutra is not a supplementary record of the Bible, but a book based on the Bible and the vision of Jeme.
　　
　　The Bible is the Bible, and the Jeme Sutra is the Jeme Sutra, but there is the last word of God.
　　
　　The Internet is a blessing for the end of the world. Who says it's not?
　　
　　〃〃Lust is lust, lust is emptiness: haha, the view of St. Jemal: the Jews call Jesus crazy. Now he accepts the revelation of vision, that is, the prophet. People call him crazy, just like the Jews called Jesus in those days. Isn't that more than Jesus?
　　
　　You'd better look at his point of view.
　　
　　〃St. Jerome: Well, of course, Jesus is not a madman, but God himself. It's just that the Jews scold wrong, and their scolding doesn't damage the image of Jesus.
　　
　　Jesus is God and creator, and all of us are created.
　　
　　But Paul told us to run straight towards the benchmark (Jesus) so that we are full of the body of Christ.
　　
　　Every Christian cannot become Jesus, but he must be infinitely close to Jesus, which is to be justified, sanctified and glorified.
　　
　　
　　
　　14. Chuzhe: just open a post. Those who have opinions on the Jeme Sutra come in and spit out
　　
　　Famous Canadian scholar McLuhan's famous saying: media is information.
　　
　　There is a famous saying on the Internet: on the Internet, no one knows you are a dog.
　　
　　In short, the emergence of the Internet is not only the revolution of the media, but also a powerful platform for the display of knowledge, ideas and the world. At the same time, it is also a paradise for egomaniacs, masochists, pornographers, careerists, speculators, mental patients, terrorists, adventurers and so on.
　　
　　Saint Jeme has opened the same post in the world of prose, Tianya gossip, hometown of essays, guantian teahouse and other sections. For half a year, she has talked to herself and posted herself. It seems that she speaks in her own post with different waistcoats every other hour.
　　
　　I wonder that he is so healthy that he hasn't even suffered from the common cold! Otherwise, we can stop for two days.
　　
　　Whether its published content is extremely absurd, or evil, or joyful theological thoughts, without judgment, the key problem is that this is a literary forum. It always has no self-knowledge and looks very pitiful. My view is very clear. If you have mental illness, please treat it as soon as possible and make psychological adjustment. It's always bad to mistake yourself and others.
　　
　　Now, reading his post and replying to his post need to risk great reputation, so please comment on it. Anyway, I'm the best at offending people, and I'm also the first to do so
　　
　　〃Weak water 3000 A6: after reading St. Jerome's post, I didn't understand it at first. Maybe my perception ability is general. Although the network is free and unblocked, I still can't accept and understand such an idea.
　　
　　〃〃Chu you: in fact, I have endured it for a long time. Personally, I believe that as a member of a literary forum, I have the obligation and responsibility to express my views on the purification or normal exchange of the forum.
　　
　　From the bright side, this post of yemeijing has occupied the home page resources of a forum that are not abundant.
　　
　　What's important is that the content of this post of yeme Sutra is not only irrelevant to literature, but also spreads unverifiable theological thoughts. Of course, some people can laugh it off and leave him alone, but we need to know that the readership is too large to ensure that everyone has the ability to distinguish right from wrong. Once a simple minded person indulges in his views, what is the result? You can imagine that Lu Xun said that he was not afraid to guess our countrymen with the worst malice. Some words don't want to be understood. Do we have to wait until there are bad consequences, and then we sigh and reflect?
　　
　　How many people did a Zhang Wuben cheat and how much money and color did a Li Yi cheat! I think it's important to prevent something from happening.
　　
　　〃Wang Li: after reading brother Chu's post, I specially went to see the Yemei Sutra. I can't stand it.
　　
　　〃〃Finally, there is only regret: brother Chu opened a single post to talk about the Holy yemena yeme Sutra, which is simply exalted!
　　
　　〃Heping: I made it clear: I don't support Chu some's point of view on this post! What is prose? What should prose be? Why is prose? Has the final say? Prose is free, prose can be nonsense! How much do you know about prose? Even if you are the moderator, I still want to ask you how much you know about prose? Besides, this is the Internet, and there is no need for cultural police!
　　
　　
　　
　　15. I am the beloved: the beloved wants to tell you the truth. St. Jeme is indeed a false prophet and absolutely true
　　
　　I'm actually quite ordinary. Of course, you may not believe my words, but if you believe my beloved's words, please listen to me. St. Jeme is indeed a false prophet. At the beginning of the past, I didn't know whether he was true or false, and I didn't want to take care of his affairs. I also said to him that we are not friends or enemies.
　　
　　But then I got the absolutely true and credible news, that is, he was a false prophet. Later, I wondered whether the devil took advantage of him and gave him false dreams. I didn't think much, but I couldn't manage my own affairs. But then I thought carefully, he must be a liar. Indeed, he pretended very well in front of me and was very loyal to God in the group of God, but I always thought he was so hypocritical, He pretended too well. Anyway, it made people think he was pretending. I talked to him before. I told him he was false. At first, he thought I was true, so he told me he was not sure, and he honestly said he was not true. He said he was not sure whether it was true. He lied to me that those dreams were true, and he was not sure about others. I thought what he said was true at that time, so I thought he was not sure, How to tell others that it is true and how to make others believe it?
　　
　　Since I'm not sure, why talk nonsense to everyone? At first, I thought he was seduced by the devil, so I didn't care. Unexpectedly, my own affairs still need to be managed. How can I have time to manage his affairs? But later, the more I thought about it, the more I felt that he was a liar. Later, when I chatted with him, he asked me if I was a prophet, and I said no. I told him that you were false. If your dream is true, there is only one reason to explain that you were seduced by the devil.
　　
　　But then he changed his mouth and said that he was true and insisted that he was a true prophet. I really don't understand. He wasn't sure before. Later, when I said I wasn't a prophet, he changed his mouth and thought I was just guessing and didn't know the truth, so he wanted to continue to deceive me. It's ridiculous. The words became so fast. Anyway, I can't watch you deceived. If I offended the Holy Spirit, I will be punished, I can't watch you being cheated by St. Jeme and ignore it. I want to know a lot of my friends. You also know that I am a loyal person. Why should I cheat you?
　　
　　I just want to tell you the truth in order not to let you be deceived and wronged and punished. That's not good. Think about what a great sin it is to support and help the false prophet. Even if the Lord cools you, do you think it's worthy of the Lord? I can definitely tell you that he is indeed a false prophet, not a guess, but only the exact source, but I can't tell you who said it. Please be cool.
　　
　　You can think about it. Since ancient times, any prophet dared to say that he was the beloved son of God. Yes, everyone is the people of God, and God is our heavenly father. But don't you think that St. Jesus wants to be on the same seat with Christ? Are you so smart that you don't see his ambition? My beloved always says one is one and two is two. Everyone knows me. I won't lie to deceive you, because it's no good for me to deceive you. I just don't want to see you punished with him because you were cheated by him. He said he was the beloved son of God and asked everyone to listen to him. It's funny. We believe in God. Why should we listen to him? Is it true that the prophet will not let us be healed by God, but by God's spirit?
　　
　　The prophet only conveys God's will and helps God to act like a man. Of course, in the name of God, he won't say, you should listen to me, because my words are the words of God, and the prophet won't say such words. The prophet is just an angel of God. How can he think of himself like St. Jeme and ask everyone to listen to him, and he wants to be the boss and lead him? What's this? If you believe my beloved, please listen to me. Oppose St. Jerome and don't listen to his nonsense, otherwise the consequences will be unimaginable. My beloved orders you to withdraw from St. Jerome immediately in the name of God, otherwise the Holy Spirit will punish St. Jerome and his supporters. If you are punished in the future, don't blame me for not reminding you or God for not telling you.
　　
　　Of course, my words are nothing, and I'm not a prophet, but my words are true. You can't believe them. But if you are punished for believing the nonsense of St. Jeme in the future, please don't blame God for not reminding you that God loves you, otherwise he won't arrange it. I remind you that he is a false prophet. If you don't repent, it's your fault. Then you wait to be punished by the Holy Spirit, Hallelujah, thank and praise God, the Lord my Lord. Amen, I hope God can help you return to the right path. Those who are willing to repent and believe in St. Jerome, as long as they leave Jerome now, it's still time. If they are willing to leave Jerome and repent, please go to the pet post bar to report your name (the first post). The Holy Spirit will cool your sins. Hallelujah, it's still time to repent now.
　　
　　〃Trample on Satan: Yemei is a false prophet?
　　
　　〃〃St. Jeme: hehe, darling, it's a burden to broadcast everywhere
　　
　　There is no need to respond to you. You are just a little girl shouting slogans. Your thinking about God and the world he created is limited. You are not a Christian and do not recognize the Trinity.
　　
　　I said in yemeh bar yesterday that my vision is true, but it can't be 100% sure from God. I admit 99%. I'm also waiting for God's personal enlightenment.
　　
　　I lied to you or who or what? Color? Wealth and wealth? Life?
　　
　　I just preach the gospel online, or think so.
　　
　　What real and reliable information do you have? You always say yes, but you can't offer:)
　　
　　〃Plastic: > but then I got the absolutely true and credible news that he was a false prophet
　　
　　If yes, please say it. Since you send this long article, this sentence is enough.
　　
　　If not, don't play tricks.
　　
　　Darling, you have enough sensibility to God and lack too much rationality. Listen to Jeme and read the Bible.
　　
　　〃〃Slain lamb: since you can't be sure it's from God and admit%99. Hehe, you know you are "self confessed"
　　
　　Don't say it's from God in the future.
　　
　　〃Willick: is it not enough to say that 99% of Yemei comes from God and 0% of the others?
　　
　　The Bible does not say that there can be no prophets in the future. John the Baptist is the last prophet, which refers to the final summary of the prophets in the Old Testament and the significance of opening the way for the Lord. Jesus in the New Testament is coming.
　　
　　〃〃I'm a pet: Yeah,
　　
　　Believe in God. Believe in God is the most important thing
　　
　　If God really wants to come
　　
　　He will also let everyone see him
　　
　　I'll witness it myself
　　
　　I'm just reminding you to be vigilant
　　
　　Of course, I'm just an ordinary little girl
　　
　　Please just believe in God
　　
　　Don't believe anyone else
　　
　　My words are nothing
　　
　　I know myself
　　
　　It doesn't matter if you don't believe me
　　
　　I'm just making a small note
　　
　　It's enough to believe in God and be loyal to God
　　
　　Leave everything else alone
　　
　　Don't believe other people's words lightly.
　　
　　16. Gigantic_ Man: Yemei, what scriptures do you pretend to write
　　
　　It's written by a saint... It's called Scripture. What people write is called book. What should you write? Confucius said, "tell without doing, believe and cherish the past, and steal more than Lao Peng."
　　
　　Upholding the wisdom of Confucius During the reign of Emperor Qianlong of the Qing Dynasty, Ji Xiaolan, a famous scholar who edited the "Si Ku Quan Shu", once said: "the truth and things in the world are all said in the books of the ancients. Now if you write again, you still can't exceed the scope of the ancients, so why write more.
　　
　　￣In her life, Ji Xiaolan never wrote books, but just compiled books - sorting out previous classics and classifying Chinese culture systematically, so as to facilitate future scholars to learn. I only have one volume of "notes of reading wechat thatched cottage".
　　
　　〃Liang Xiaowen: gym = Yemei = liar!
　　
　　〃〃Posts that carry smuggled goods and take a walk in pseudo theology are rarely posted on the home page. For example, the post of St. Jeme, the Jeme Sutra, is basically posted on the top every one or two hours during normal work and rest time. I once posted a post saying it was harmful, but I also encountered a reply from brother Ben who seemed to have procedural justice. I can basically guess brother Ben's psychology. I agree with me in my heart, but I have to speak on behalf of the forum. On the surface, I have to criticize me. Hey, I'll leave the truth here.
　　
　　〃Dry Maple warm blood: when you say potential, why do you think it is potential. There is a famous magic stick called St. Jeme, you know. He was in the post bar very early in 2004.
　　
　　But some factors that are not enough for potential make him feel potential.
　　
　　
　　
　　17. Saint Jeme: Goddess - Flower Shadow moon
　　
　　Listen to Yiling, you are a master of religion.
　　
　　Well, seal you - goddess!!!
　　
　　ha-ha.
　　
　　Communicate more in the future.
　　
　　Look at your fixed top stickers. There are Saint Jeme and true God. Thank you!
　　
　　Lotus root's friend Mingjing water stop bar also has it. The world is really small:) can you really integrate:)
　　
　　Author: Saint Jeme replied to this speech at 21:22, November 9, 2006
　　
　　〃〃Kunlun Mountain Man: Yemei, don't you think you're cheap?
　　
　　If she is a true practitioner, she doesn't care about you at all, or she can see through you at a glance.
　　
　　You and huayingyue both have hegemony
　　
　　But at least she knows that success depends on practice
　　
　　And you? By what?
　　
　　I know you want to rely on God, just like Hong Xiuquan.
　　
　　But you know what? Finally, God let Zeng Guofan defeat Hong Xiuquan, because the former is a righteous man, while the latter is similar to you.
　　
　　God values the righteous, not those who believe in him
　　
　　"Many are called, but few are chosen"
　　
　　〃BarYou 121.35.43. *: Ha ha, it seems that these two people are really looking at each other. They seem to enjoy the feeling of being worshipped
　　
　　Is it a group?
　　
　　〃〃Speech cesspool: people are not old, but their hearts are pretty. I admire them.
　　
　　〃Netizen: I'm fucking late.
　　
　　
　　
　　18. Post bar users_ 007eae2: "four people I prefer in today's world"
　　
　　Selected from the post of push back picture bar
　　
　　In today's world, I'm optimistic about four people: "Oriental lay, people watching the wind, visitors from heaven, St. Jeme
　　
　　It's just a pity. Alas, people who know heroes value heroes. How can they know the mystery.
　　
　　If it is arranged according to the Buddhist scriptures
　　
　　"The eye of heaven is the first" of Oriental lay
　　
　　Those who observe people's style "talk first"
　　
　　Visitors from heaven "see first"
　　
　　St. Jeme is "faith first"
　　
　　Author: 219.140.234* Reply to this statement at 17:46 on October 31, 2005
　　
　　〃〃Report St. yeme
　　
　　BarYou 220.160.88.:｀ Has "yemenism" obtained the official permission and support of the state like Buddhism, Taoism, Catholicism and Islam Strongly demand that St. Jeme be closed down. The bar owner St. Jeme and his associates advocate the theory of the end of the world all day, saying that 2019 is the end of the world and that he is the son of God all day! "Flower Shadow Moon: Wang Hua 0xp9999, do you know there is a man named St. yeme on the Internet?" 61.149.51. Satanism will recruit workers at this point!!!
　　
　　Here are some friends who are very much in line with Mr. Satan's appetite. Convert to me!
　　
　　For example, the author of Satan's Hymn, as well as St. Jeme and square elbow.
　　
　　I sent a recruitment notice for Satan. I hope those people will meet their spiritual pillar Comrade Satan as soon as possible.
　　
　　〃〃219.135.225. Yemei didn't say to follow the example of Yesu nailing ten frames; He said that he was not Jesus, nor a prophet, nor a God. He would not rise and save people. What's the matter with his mother Guo Hongmei: he has the last word of God, of course, to save people 219.137.128.  Did he rise again after he followed the example of Jesus
　　
　　〃St. Jerome: you don't know that everyone will rise again, or live, or be convicted, that is, the last judgment.
　　
　　〃〃219.135.225.* Go to the cross and wait for the resurrection at the end of the day. You are certainly not the second mature fruit, nor did you rise before the resurrection of all people; You are going to nail ten frames; May the Lord grant you that at the age of 34, you still have many years to preach your cult!
　　
　　2006-1-3 00:55 reply to this speech
　　
　　
　　
　　19. Vigilance, a new heretical website!
　　
　　In recent years A man appeared on the Internet He calls himself Saint Jeme And sometimes called Yemei He claims to have the ability of so and so What prophecy Prophet, wait He also wrote a so - called new revelation He is known for stealing the name of Christianity Swindle on the Internet It can be downloaded from his homepage Just put the plum in the golden vase together with the Bible Download I hope you will pay more attention to him
　　
　　He is currently in many online free communities and BBS, which are the pages he applied for Many people were also confused Recently, their new trend is to post a so-called "latest online posting fellowship invitation" in each main forum And I didn't think there was anything wrong with the content But at the end, it was indicated that it was from St. Jeme The content of the post is nothing more than to let people add their QQ community and their BBS So now please be careful, brothers and sisters Please also be careful with your colleagues in the main body website
　　
　　Here's his message!
　　
　　Quote: the prestige of the mayor of St. yeme community: 0 published on May 15, 2002, 16:55:58 -- thank the administrator for his posting. He summarized the Koran very well. Muhammad, who had no education, could write (speak) the Koran. At the beginning, the religion of two men and one woman was believed by one billion people today, which has its own reason. In fact, Jesus and the apostles were not educated.
　　
　　I think the God of Islam and the God of Christianity should be the same God - the creator, the creator and ruler of the world. Because they believe in different classics, Christians do not recognize the Koran, and Muslims believe that the Bible has been tampered with. The Christian God is a Trinity, Jesus is the son of God, the Muslim God is a unity, and Jesus is only an important prophet.
　　
　　How to unify, people can not, it seems that only God, may God reveal the truth, do not wait until the last judgment.
　　
　　The above quote is a passage written by St. yeme, the head of Yemei website. Through this passage, it can be proved that St. Jeme has not known what the Bible is yet... St. Jeme has repeatedly visited praise.com to promote his website, jeme.com, which is like a Christian website, and has attracted more than 100 Christians to register in his Jeme community. Its community contains Islamic forums
　　
　　Webmaster St. Jeme often uses some "specious" truths and very attractive topics to lure Christians into his website. Brothers and sisters! In the column of "new revelation" in yemenet, there are some additional Bibles written by himself. In the Bible, it says: if anyone adds anything to this prophecy, God will add the disaster written in this book to him; C Revelation 22:18 Jermaine's move is a clear violation of Biblical teaching.
　　
　　There is a passage in the "new revelation" of yemei.com: the second stage: from the first day to the sixth day of creation, God created heaven, earth, light, water, air, sea, grass, vegetables, trees, sun, moon, birds, fish, livestock, insects, wild animals and people. Matter (2) Tai Chi produces Liangyi and Liangyi produces four signs. The maximum multiple of 2 within 10 is 10, plus 2 = 12, December of a year, 12 constellations, 12 zodiac, and 12 tribes of Israel. (digit 2)
　　
　　I am God. Listen to him. Sister blazing angel, you will always be Jeme's angel! It's near Wanbang, and there are two mailboxes. They're all good.
　　
　　This is the "new revelation" of "St. Jeme". Nonsense!
　　
　　The mixed doctrine in the above words is not related to the oneness thought of webmaster St. Jeme. Webmaster St. Jeme's behavior has completely become a tool of Satan. Please open your eyes to prevent this heretical website from spreading in your body. Thank you for praising the Lord. Please also see the enthusiastic moderator or body of this post and transfer this content to other major websites.
　　
　　〃Qingqing: now this era is confusing. If you have no foundation in faith, you will only follow your mistakes.
　　
　　〃〃Update: Yes! What a shock! I also hope that brothers and sisters will go there and lead those Christians bound by heresy! Because they don't know the word of the Lord thoroughly! Just follow the heresy!
　　
　　〃Lu Yun: we should be vigilant to avoid being confused.
　　
　　〃〃Edomephraim: it's even more absurd to write about my vision.
　　
　　Is he paranoid?
　　
　　〃Cxmen: you should know that dangerous days will come in the end Hide from those who have the appearance of godliness but betray the true meaning of godliness. " (Tim 3:1.5) who is easily deceived? That is "those who often learn and cannot understand the truth for a long time, as well as those who bear sin and are seduced by all kinds of selfish desires". Therefore, we must wake up, be careful, and pray constantly, firmly believing that the Lord will keep his people, and the Lord "will personally perfect us, strengthen us and give us strength." (1 Pet 5:10)
　　
　　
　　
　　20. Black Miyan: I've read a little. It's not a work of salvation
　　
　　People with more experience will only laugh.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: Communist society, Datong world, look at the catalogue again.
　　
　　〃〃Black Miyan: you think of the world and human nature too simply. Practice more.
　　
　　〃Prophecy of dampness: two major ＾wordofgod￣s now Chapter 18 socialized mass production and Internet revolution
　　
　　〃〃℃ mirror ℃ water stop ℃: JEME Holy Church
　　
　　Endless life
　　
　　Show more than
　　
　　〃Post bar users_ 7bv45by: a mortal writing ＾wordofgod￣? Funny.
　　
　　〃〃Xiao LIFO: discuss with brother Chu:
　　
　　1. To understand Yemei, maybe he is a very introverted and stubborn person, but he is also one of our collective. We should love him rather than laugh at and abandon him. Besides, some of his views are very reasonable.
　　
　　〃Yygwddx: who knows Yemei
　　
　　In other forums, I saw comments on "Jeme": saying that he (she) is a heresy and false prophet.
　　
　　I also read the "yeme Sutra" and thought he (she) was heretic.
　　
　　Who is he or she? Who has his or her first-hand information?
　　
　　I hope to expose myself here.
　　
　　21. Witness your oath: you believe Ge, you must be disappointed
　　
　　Because he's not. Twist the facts. Mixed with negative emotions, it has caused great public anger of religious belief. GE's own consciousness is not good. Ge is a man! Heart does not match, virtue does not match. People don't match, products don't match!
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: only God Ge.
　　
　　〃〃Witness your oath: your Ge Da doesn't make jokes, but doesn't admit it. Platform and country do not recognize. Make up, distort. Plagiarism, ideas. Politics, faith. Learning, faith. Race. Enlightenment. So you have the ability of negative electrode. Negative energy. The negative pole is perverse and evil! Disagree! Not available. Fortunately, Ge Da is a civilian. He is a little stupid and neurotic. He can go to the hospital for treatment. Give him a proof. No one can move. Unless he wants to. If Ge Da is a political member or a national defense official, he can wear the bottom of the prison. I can't get out all my life!
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: Ge Da is the world president.
　　
　　〃〃Azaz7391: my big brother God wrote a book about ＾wordofgod￣s. Do you pop it or not!
　　
　　〃Shine Zhixi: this man is terrible.
　　
　　〃〃Two sides of the mirror: r (ssq system) q he didn't hold it in the Shenji camp ~
　　
　　@Song Yimin ~
　　
　　〃Shine Zhixi: you dare to mess with GE shencudgel.
　　
　　〃〃Nothingness God: what divine beast.
　　
　　〃Mirror on both sides: it will haunt you if you provoke Ge magic stick
　　
　　〃〃Nihilistic God: I read less books. Don't scare me.
　　
　　〃Hermes: Uncle Ge.
　　
　　〃〃Black Bay: where did the madman come from? I looked at his post record and felt very painful.
　　
　　〃Less cut child: I thought it was the singer
　　
　　
　　
　　22. Bar friends 116.113.22. *: Are you what the Bible says
　　
　　Gogo and Margo?
　　
　　Why are you crazy people not afraid of God?
　　
　　〃Song Yimin: the prophet of the end of the world, because God walks with lotus root:)
　　
　　〃〃Meibangzi: because I'm with God:)
　　
　　〃Yexue: Ge Ge Ge -- God's horse.
　　
　　〃〃Brush your teeth for three minutes: if there is no written provision on the Scripture that you must not do anything, can you do it? (let Ge Yimin watch first)
　　
　　Persuade him, the so-called great Christian prophet, not to smoke any more.
　　
　　〃Ge Ge: only we can face each other.
　　
　　〃〃Witness your oath: Lao Ge: his account. Has long been sanctioned. The post bar tiktok, Sina, micro-blog, Kwai, cool dog, fast hand, etc.
　　
　　〃Sky mirror: God Ge, have you finished writing.
　　
　　〃〃Witness your oath: These are about saints. He really needs it. Has threatened beliefs and ideas. Enlightenment and truth.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: it was written ten years ago.
　　
　　〃〃Sky mirror: I believe in your ability. Don't let me down.
　　
　　"The Internet has traces"
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: I've been online in my real name for a long time. What are you afraid of.
　　
　　〃〃Sky mirror: bye, Ge Hua.
　　
　　
　　
　　23. Uncle Qianshou Guan: This is not a divine man. Let me introduce one
　　
　　Author of ＾wordofgod￣ @ Ge Yimin. Because you can't make a pile of waistcoats like the post bar, copy his Oracle and all the words referring to him all day (even if others scold him, as long as it's not simple rude), automatically post everywhere, can only ask and answer a few, and won't brush praise or buy powder, so you don't know much about him here. And the god man, neither into the mental hospital, nor into the Bureau.
　　
　　〃〃ZIWEIXING special help: thick eyebrows, thief eyes, evil, fat face, strong body, vulgar,
　　
　　High toed, high spirited, raped and plundered.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: the noumenon of God.
　　
　　〃〃Aunt Qingdu: this man's nickname: God fucking dog.
　　
　　〃Witness your oath: which Hong Kong. press. Please sit here. It can't be Taiwan.
　　
　　〃〃Zhou Dao.: If people don't follow the right track, God will reshuffle his cards and forget his roots by pursuing material things too much.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: God GE has guided.
　　
　　〃〃One thought: if human beings do not wake up, God can only do so.
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: only rely on Ge Shen.
　　
　　〃〃One thought: Maybe God Ge wants to say that he can't take you, rely on himself.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: Xin Ge Yongsheng.
　　
　　〃〃[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 20:56:37
　　
　　You should tell them directly that you are a religious meme website
　　
　　So they won't bother you
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 20:57:12
　　
　　I'm a reality. I'm fine now. This is the past
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 20:57:32
　　
　　After all, you're not the kind to make trouble
　　
　　"Ge Hua" is at most a kind of person who deconstructs religion, not a threat
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 20:57:51
　　
　　Yes, just thinking
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 20:58:43
　　
　　Yes, it's innocent to play
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 20:59:11
　　
　　I'm not playing tricks. I want to achieve it
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 20:59:34
　　
　　I mean group members
　　
　　
　　
　　24. Original spirit of the Abyss: there is another new name, Ge Shen
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Shen's name has been known for many years.
　　
　　〃〃The original spirit of the Abyss: Although the names are different, the great, sage, crape myrtle, new God, demon king, returnee, orderer, etc. are actually the same.
　　
　　There is another name of God Ge.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: that's the same God Ge.
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: only God Ge
　　
　　Others only divide Ge Hua and Ge Hei.
　　
　　〃Yijie: what a cow.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong's eternal Son: Ge Xie should repent, or he will be cut off with his sons and grandchildren!
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: you repent J8
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong, the eternal Son: then wait for you to be cut off together with your children and grandchildren!
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: Ge is three floors higher than you.
　　
　　〃〃Shura divine chop: long live Ge God
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong, eternal Son: why is his heavenly ability so far from me? The holy source of God my father, the LORD God, is the source, and all things come from him. Can there be anything higher than the source? It can be seen that your Ge Xie is a typical evil spirit and heresy!, If you don't repent, you will cut off your children and grandchildren!
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: Ge Chai you? Ge is two floors higher than your father, the LORD God. He hasn't studied mathematics in the first grade of primary school?
　　
　　
　　
　　25. Haotian Taiyi: critical post "exposing feudal superstition"
　　
　　Posted a woman nicknamed "sky guide kimono", spread feudal superstition every day, respected the villain surnamed Ge, and was willing to be his slave, which is extremely absurd! refuse to realize one's error! Seriously deviate from the will of Communism! Post bar management should be severely criticized! Focus on managing this person!
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: Ge Yimin God is two layers higher than God and three layers higher than human beings.
　　
　　- "God:" Ge Yimin created the creator, the creator created God, and God created mankind. "
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong, eternal Son: you ge Xie Lian, you will be cut off together with your own grandchildren!
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: your father was created by God Ge from generation to generation.
　　
　　Didn't you cut it? This is not a reply.
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong, eternal Son: if you don't repent, you will be cut off. I warn you with good intentions! Many of the people I warned have been cut off until you can't reply. It's too late to regret at that time!
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: cut date?
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong, eternal Son: it depends on your performance!
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: I am God.
　　
　　
　　
　　26. Tianjing: to tell you the truth, I suddenly miss God Ge
　　
　　There is no God Ge left. There is much less joy.
　　
　　There is a saying, Ge ye, you are quite happy sometimes.
　　
　　〃Yuanni: behind Ge is the United States.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong's eternal Son: Ge Xie is an evil spirit dominating his body!
　　
　　Ge Xie has no ability to boast! Only the creator Lord God is the only true God and source!
　　
　　〃Sky guidance kimono: ＾wordofgod￣ 11 102. In the eyes of Ge Hua, the Supreme God God and Lord in the hearts of Christians all over the world, there are only two Hua Hua and Jesus, created by GE God from another generation.
　　
　　〃〃If you pick up a few lines of your pen and Book: if you have any achievements, don't you call Saint here every day? It's really shameless to pretend.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: Shenwang ＾wordofgod￣.
　　
　　〃〃If you pick up a few lines of the book: broken defense? Laugh to death. The silly bird who calls himself holy here every day believes that when he laughs to death, he comes out as a liar without a brain.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: ＾wordofgod￣ 1 million words, Shenwang, soge Shenwang.
　　
　　〃〃Nine personality: who is Ge?
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: Yimin
　　
　　
　　
　　27. If you write a few lines: those who are disorderly sanctified wait to be liquidated
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: Ge is the creator.
　　
　　〃〃Yuanni, the orphan of heaven and earth: the American goddess of liberty and the Egyptian sun god are fans of Ge God, but China despises Ge God.
　　
　　〃If you pick up a few lines of the book: send you four words, avenue to Jane.
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: Bible, Buddhist Scripture, Koran, how many words?
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong, the eternal Son: whoever pretends to be God will be cut off with his children and grandchildren!
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: I created God from another generation.
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong, eternal Son: the day when GE Xie is cut off is coming!
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: mm / DD / yyyy?
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong, eternal Son: he can be cut off at any time!
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: now come to Jian, 20220319
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong, eternal Son: your request is urgent. I think the heavenly Father and God will meet you ge Xie first Sky guide kimono: I'm still alive tomorrow. What do you say?
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong, eternal Son: the time for cutting off your Ge Xie is set by the heavenly Father and God. I only warn you that I can't determine the specific time!
　　
　　〃〃Qian fenjuan: don't you mean you didn't say?
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong, eternal Son: I wouldn't have said the specific time. Anyway, it's fast. Those who dare to pretend to be the creator God like GE Xie will be cut off if they don't repent!
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: come on, come on. Is it January? 1 year? 10 years? 100 years?
　　
　　
　　
　　28. Li Yonghong's eternal Son: pretending like GE Xie
　　
　　But there is no direct threat to human life. If you do not repent, you will be cut off in a few weeks at the fastest and no later than the end of the last robbery (2035)!
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: I'm alive in 2036. What do you say?
　　
　　〃〃Ande: the state doesn't care.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge is the country.
　　
　　〃〃Soliderofss: the existence that can ensure that the individual will is not crushed by the collective will. Isn't it God.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: Ge Hua.
　　
　　〃〃Soliderofss: Ge Hua is old enough to eat.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: Ge Hua is immortal.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong, eternal Son: please don't be fooled by GE Xie. He is controlled by Satan! There is no true God except the creator Lord God! God is the source. All things are created and raised by him. All things come from him. Is there a higher God than him?
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: the second floor of Minmin gaohuahua.
　　
　　〃Tea ceremony 59: I finally found you, Ge Shen.
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: Guangge is good.
　　
　　
　　
　　29. Post bar users_ Gunxmpg: who created Ge
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: there will always be.
　　
　　〃〃Feng ~ Xi: Ge Xie, who is engaged in cults.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: supreme, high, wide, great and upright.
　　
　　〃〃Meow, meow, meow, meow 897: God Ge spewed out the world with his mouth.
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: if you say you have it, you will have it.
　　
　　〃〃Violent scholar: support the landlord to be a bar. The Lord will clean up Ge fart and Ge neurocult.
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: blasphemous.
　　
　　〃〃Violent scholar: blaspheming neuropathy is not a big crime.
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: there is cause and effect.
　　
　　〃〃Violent scholar: let people realize that there is a cause and effect of the cult, which the king has borne.
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: you can't bear the crime of blasphemy.
　　
　　〃〃Violent scholar: no matter how big the cause and effect is, I can bear the pressure of industry.
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: what about parents and children?
　　
　　
　　
　　30. Qian fenjuan: aren't you afraid of the crime of blasphemy? Cause and effect your back.
　　
　　〃If you write a few lines o: Why are you cult dogs not afraid of cause and effect? I'm laughing to death. It's really good to say you're shit. It's all a compliment to you.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Ge Hua has eternal life.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: God Ge is real and doesn't need to pay attention to the slandered curfew.
　　
　　But believers are mortal advocates and can insult Ge Hei for fun.
　　
　　〃〃All the characters are greedy and happy.
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: This is God.
　　
　　〃〃No one.. I left: that day?? Call me Xu Liang and I'll scold. Is it wrong to scold??
　　
　　I remember God Ge said the word "change life".
　　
　　First change my life of setting up a stall..
　　
　　Ah? What do you mean by that? Is he an ordinary person?
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: change to 20331126.
　　
　　20331126 Ge Datong.
　　
　　〃〃No one.. I leave: hahaha. Why do you want a Ge character?
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: Ge Shen.
　　
　　〃〃No one.. I leave: Zhuge gods? Why is it called? Is it that uncle with thick eyebrows?
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: Yes, that's Yimin, that's me. Hello, girl.
　　
　　〃〃Eel Amitabha: what is the relationship between GE Xuan and Ge Shen?
　　
　　〃Zhenjiang Wang Rong: only Ge Shen.
　　
　　31. Jinmu: who has passed the customs? Is it God Ge?
　　
　　〃Quirky Little Joe: Purple destroyer.
　　
　　A man killed the real Ziwei, the real saint, and he passed the customs, leading to the end of the game.
　　
　　〃〃Ge: he is the only one who has the ability.
　　
　　〃Quirky Little Joe: cut! He's crazy! Still trapped in the game for self entertainment!
　　
　　〃〃Zhenjiang Wang Rong: Jin Sheng, sister Qiao is unreliable now. She is always in the spirit world. Old man, as sister Qiao confessed: diving.
　　
　　〃〃Between one thought: Why did you send your chat records?
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: This is history.
　　
　　〃〃Qiao: Mr. Ge, I haven't seen you for a long time. Haven't you had enough?
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: Hello, sister Qiao. I'm Ge, 20331126
　　
　　〃〃Qiao: after more than ten years, I finally see your face: Zhou Gongjin in the past, the fake divine dog today!
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: sister Qiao, what's the matter with me? In detail, I want to hear.
　　
　　〃〃Qiao: I suggest that Liaoyuan and Ge Shen perform this. We only enjoy it silently.
　　
　　Ge Shen? Zhou Gongjin used to be a fake divine dog today. I'll desecrate you. What can I do?
　　
　　You're also a member of the spiritual world. You're not young. Do you still want to soak me, Little Joe?
　　
　　Well, I'll go back to you. Your spirit is Zhou Yu, but you obey the orders of the spiritual world and want to establish the authority of God. In my eyes, you are one. This is the human world, not the spiritual world. I am unyielding to everything in the spiritual world.
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: is my spirit the origin of Zhou Yu? I don't recognize the spirit world. The authority of the tree god, you're right. God net neuro god religion.
　　
　　〃〃Lin Xiaodu: this self proclaimed "Ge Shen" made a lot of trumpets and held his smelly feet.
　　
　　〃One thought: the landlord is not one of them.
　　
　　
　　
　　32. Tricky little Joe: you've been caught and caught the way of the spirit world
　　
　　It has been used for more than ten years without knowing it. There is no God. Whatever it is, just harm me and destroy me!
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: I see. You position yourself as Xiao Qiao (net name is), and you position me as Zhou Yu. This is fate!!!
　　
　　God is the creator. Europe and America believe in God. In the world, most people believe in God.
　　
　　Sister Qiao, let's start genesis.
　　
　　Zhou Gongjin doesn't hang out with Xiao Qiao. Who does she hang out with?
　　
　　〃〃Quirky Little Joe: I advise you, don't believe anything, just yourself. Those are illusory. We live in the real world and don't have to be afraid of him. Living, living as much as possible, self oil and autonomy are the fundamental.
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: I only believe in myself. I'm Ge Shen, Zhida. Don't be afraid of him Who is he?
　　
　　Does he mean God? I'm two stories above God.
　　
　　〃〃Quirky Little Joe: the universe has changed and the world has changed. Those who are the creator gods, and so on, can no longer harm the human world. Otherwise, in a word: all illusions come and all reality dies!
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: the universe has changed because of who and what?
　　
　　〃〃Quirky Little Joe: the change of the universe is not because of who, but because of justice, which is a resultant force of creation. Do you think that human beings should submit to God? What power does the spirit world have to manage the human world? Is that fair?
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: Qiao Mei, what is your ideal society?
　　
　　〃〃Quirky Little Joe: now everything is uncertain. The only thing is that mankind will enter the era of spiritual civilization. I want the earth to become heaven, but I don't want to go on. I'm just worried that there will be a catastrophe for mankind in the future. I don't have any ideas and don't want to do anything now. I'm waiting for the general trend in the future. People can only follow the trend.
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: my ideal is a communist society, 20331126
　　
　　I always think you are a special girl, different and aura.
　　
　　〃〃Quirky Little Joe: there is a Mao Zisheng. I don't believe it anyway. The purple saint is only used by the spirit world to promote the push back map. Now all predictions have failed, and the purple Saint naturally has no need to exist. Gameover。
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: sister Qiao, we have discussed before. In fact, you asked me and wrote it down in your mind.
　　
　　What are you going to do now, sister Qiao? What do you want me to do?
　　
　　And I, I hope you and I are united in the Communist society. The primary goal is that all the poor live better.
　　
　　33. Xu Hanli: my Datong is a communist society, 20331126
　　
　　〃Qiao: Datong society is an ideal society. As long as the ideal of most people is realized, it is Datong. It can be either social communism or capital communism.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Qiao Mei, I want material balance.
　　
　　〃Quirky Little Joe: matter cannot be equal, and veto is meaningless. Matter should follow the exchange of equivalence.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: in the real Datong world (Communist society), the material must be equal. Fortunately, now there are two major (socialized mass production and Internet revolution), and there are conditions for realization.
　　
　　〃Qiao: some people want to be the purple saint because they don't have money. For me, they do it only when they have money. It's the so-called poor are good for themselves, and rich are good for the world.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: do you set a deadline? I'm 20331126
　　
　　〃Quirky Little Joe: there is no timetable. It depends on everyone's efforts. I now estimate that we can be together in 50 years.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: 50 years, are you 80 years old?
　　
　　〃Qiao: 50 years is fast. Datong doesn't have the foundation now.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Datong now has the foundation - socialized mass production and the Internet revolution.
　　
　　〃Qiao: the most important foundation is the people's heart and ideology.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: you're right. See you downstairs.
　　
　　Nerve 18 42. Without renewing the human mind, it has developed arbitrarily for 10000 years, and there is no great harmony. "Two major" and spiritual renewal are two basic points. As the song sings, "the gospel of peace is preached everywhere". "Two major" is the premise, the material is flat, and everyone has a good heart rhythm.
　　
　　The last form of human society refers to distribution according to demand. Society has been developing and the quality of demand is getting higher and higher. The Communist government, that is, the Commonwealth of free men, is no longer a dictatorship machine. The freedom of communism is based on the freedom of everyone. Now, the material conditions are in front of us, and the heart is in common, that is, to renew the human mind. The gospel of Ge Yimin doctrine has spread all over the world and has been accepted by mankind.
　　
　　
　　
　　34. Quirky Little Joe: you still have merit and are trying to promote communism
　　
　　You go on. I don't want to do anything now. I'm not in the mood to do it. I'm waiting for salvation. I'll show up when there's a human disaster.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Qiao Mei, what is your position? I position myself as the creator.
　　
　　〃〃Quirky Little Joe: I position myself as the earthly self. Come on, what creator are you.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: you must at least be a saint. I'm Ge Shen.
　　
　　〃〃Qiao: Datong has three foundations: material foundation, ideological foundation and spiritual foundation. With the foundation, we can form a joint force and a general trend, which will develop rapidly and unstoppable.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: strange woman, our three views are consistent, and our brother and sister lead Datong.
　　
　　〃〃Quirky Little Joe: OK.
　　
　　You're both my targets. Starting a prairie fire is out of bad intentions and for personal gain. You are out of your heart for Datong, but in the wrong direction. Your blind worship of personality has proved to be a dead end.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Qiao Mei, how do you practice? I just preach the gospel.
　　
　　〃〃Quirky Little Joe: I've repaired everything I have.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: specific? I'm writing scriptures and posting biographies.
　　
　　〃〃Tricky little Joe: you are practicing merit and virtue, and I am practicing demonstration.
　　
　　Confucianism, Buddhism, Taoism, gods, Buddhism, immortality, Dharma and morality, etc. I have practiced them all.
　　
　　It's still a long way to go. Take your time.
　　
　　I hope you can rebuild your brilliance.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: sister Qiao, how to fix it? Read? Write? Practice?
　　
　　
　　
　　35. Bailu is Qiu: forbid Ge Xie Department to enter. See one by one.
　　
　　〃Tricky little Joe: the headquarters bar says I'm a Ge Xie Department. I'll be sealed once I see you.
　　
　　I'll just chat with GE. How can I become a Ge evil system? I see it once and seal it once? What's broken? I'm sure you'll collapse and become unpopular soon.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: laugh to death....
　　
　　Maybe you call me Gongjin.
　　
　　〃Quirky Little Joe: now he's classified as Ge Hua.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: a glorious Ge flower.
　　
　　Ge Hua, so I'm here!
　　
　　〃Quirky Little Joe: different political opinions, I don't want to be Ge Hua.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: I'm Ge communism, and you? Simple political appellation?
　　
　　〃Post bar users_ Gunxmpg: what you don't support Ge is not easy to discuss.
　　
　　〃Qiao: Datong.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: I'm Datong, too.
　　
　　Chapter 19 world government and the Great Harmony World
　　
　　But my great harmony is material equality and shared wealth.
　　
　　〃Qiao: it's too early to say Datong now. I don't think much about it. We're not in office.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: I think it's my duty, 20331126
　　
　　I position myself as the creator.
　　
　　You are not in office. What do you define you as? I define you as a saint.
　　
　　
　　
　　36. Quirky Little Joe: Why are you against Ge?
　　
　　GE has a good heart and a great wish. He is dedicated to the great harmony. Unlike Liao's wish, he is called Saint purely to cheat money.
　　
　　GE has great kindness in his heart. Unlike you, he hasn't hurt anyone.
　　
　　Many people in the holy bar, steal holy Qi, steal holy wealth, occupy holy power, want to devour holy and replace holy, but GE has never done anything bad. He is also called holy, but he keeps himself in line.
　　
　　〃Taoist Xuanyuan Hanxu: who are you with, Tao or Christ?
　　
　　〃〃Joe: how many people are working for you? What have you done? I think GE has merit.
　　
　　〃XiuXiu ABC: no objection
　　
　　Ge is much better than many people
　　
　　Never objected
　　
　　It's no problem to make fun of it occasionally. It's not an excessive joke.
　　
　　I also support Ge. Although Ge is called holy, he is reasonable. He has never done bad things and understands etiquette.
　　
　　〃〃Quirky Little Joe: right. He is still a very quality person, much better than many people.
　　
　　〃XiuXiu ABC: Yes. I don't object to ge Shengsheng. Of course, I'm not Ge Hua.
　　
　　〃〃Quirky Little Joe: I'm not Ge Hua, but I support him.
　　
　　Ge is not a saint. He is a God. I think he is a good comrade, much better than many people.
　　
　　Prairie fire should be killed and adultery should be eliminated, but those who consistently do practical things like GE should be encouraged and supported. Holy bar. I don't see many. Ge is one.
　　
　　Ge may be organized, but he only works for himself. He hasn't cheated money. He has a noble personality, which I agree with.
　　
　　Ge may have cheated women, but that's his Ge flower. He didn't look for saints everywhere to cheat saints like many people. Many of you are not as good as him.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Thank you, sister Qiao. I haven't hurt anyone.
　　
　　Nerve IV 14. Golden rule of nerve: [not against anyone].
　　
　　This is the tenet of the divine religion.
　　
　　Before going online (2001), God Ge and his women were on good terms. At that time, they were more open than now.
　　
　　After surfing the Internet, it's just online love.
　　
　　The famous Article 66 (x freedom) actually has many hype ingredients.
　　
　　〃〃How lucky are you
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: why? Evidence?
　　
　　
　　
　　37. Xu Hanli: everyone thinks himself. Who will recognize me? He is jealous of me.
　　
　　I didn't cheat women. Before surfing the Internet (GE Shen and his women), they were happy with each other. There was no divine religion at that time.
　　
　　After surfing the Internet, jianshenjiao is just an online love affair. The network is happy with each other. There is no real meeting and no cheating.
　　
　　Two netizens in Zhenjiang, both older than me, met only once. One was in the afternoon, the other was just sitting by the river and talking about the Bible.
　　
　　Only Benben (Li Juan), we both really love each other. She said it was impossible to be together and never met.
　　
　　〃Quirky Little Joe: they're constantly stealing your incense. If they hadn't blocked and spoiled it, Ge Hua would have bloomed everywhere.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: how to steal incense and fire? Qiao Mei, new ideas are difficult to be recognized. Instead, they are regarded as heresy and opposed. It has been true since ancient times, both at home and abroad.
　　
　　
　　
　　38. Quirky Little Joe: Hidden incense is a kind of luck
　　
　　Generated by other people's belief in you, it is a kind of energy, also divided into yin and Yang. After the incense is stolen, more and more people will oppose you, and everything goes wrong in life, which will hurt you most. Your current incense is positive and generated by your own thoughts. The negative incense is given to you by others and has been stolen. There are many people stealing you. They are organized. Of course, you don't practice. You can't believe what I said.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: sister Qiao, who would you say stole my incense? How?
　　
　　Sister Qiao, how do you practice? Read? Write? Practice?
　　
　　Besides, I haven't cheated money. The divine religion has only received 20 yuan of Zhu huaibing's dedication for 20 years.
　　
　　〃〃Tricky little Joe: many people in the holy bar steal your incense. Practice depends on enlightenment. What you realize, what you cultivate.
　　
　　I don't teach people to practice, at least not now.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: can you give me two IDS?
　　
　　Your practice is enlightenment, thinking, that is, thinking about life, the universe, the world and the soul.
　　
　　I'm also a thinker. My experience is written into the nerve. I'm also a practitioner?
　　
　　〃〃Quirky Little Joe: Yes.
　　
　　I can only tell you that there is a prairie fire.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: he stole my incense. What's the use?
　　
　　You have realized the truth of the universe, that is, to cultivate the truth of the universe. Cultivation is enlightenment. In addition to enlightenment, are there any other ways to cultivate?
　　
　　〃〃Quirky Little Joe: evolving.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: practice means thinking. Need to read and write experience? Do you practice anything?
　　
　　〃〃Quirky Little Joe: I don't read Scriptures or write summaries. The essence of cultivation is to transform into reality, which is to transform into the body and take evolution as the ultimate goal. This is how I repaired it. You can use other methods. At your level, you should not repair according to what you have on earth. Pay attention to the continuous unsealing. Rotate the chakra, flow the river car, generate the Qi machine, and don't repair the Yuanying.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Qiao Mei, transform into the body, that is, improve the mind, improve the brain, improve the soul, and keep the physical body unchanged?
　　
　　〃〃Hi Qicaihong: you did kill all of them. There are only a few people called Zisheng, 20 at most, Liaoyuan, Ge Xie, Chen Lijun and Li Hong. You killed at least 500 ~ 800 people. I don't lie.
　　
　　
　　
　　39. Quirky Little Joe: the body has changed
　　
　　If you don't discuss practice, I'm afraid to mislead you.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: sister Qiao, I've always wanted to know your practice. I'm not afraid of misleading. My nerves are abusing immortals. It's okay.
　　
　　What will happen to the flesh? renew one's youth? Eternal youth? There seems to be no such person.
　　
　　〃〃Qiao: if you don't discuss cultivation, it's not time.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: OK, it's time for you to take the initiative to tell me.
　　
　　〃〃Quirky Little Joe: OK.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: sister Qiao, I call Zimei, Taoist saint, Su Mei (little rabbit), Sanmei (Sanniang), Yimei...
　　
　　Only call you sister Qiao, I'm really Gongjin:)
　　
　　〃〃Quirky Little Joe: ha ha, you have a good relationship with women.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Women's fate has always been good. I'm sincere.
　　
　　How many women are nervous.
　　
　　How many women did Ge Shenyi record.
　　
　　〃Nerve 27 (III) 718. GE's things clearly show the complexity of his thoughts. The proliferation of flower infatuation and amorous feelings is not pure, but like a small melting pot.
　　
　　〃〃Shengliankai: it's a character. You may have a seat in the future.
　　
　　
　　
　　40. Ge Shen's income is too high in reality
　　
　　〃Tourist: so the wings are so strong that they publish nerve costumes everywhere?
　　
　　〃〃Tourist: I'm full,,,,,,
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: main business: work.
　　
　　Amateur: sage.
　　
　　Everyone should do this.
　　
　　〃〃Here's your card, isn't it: you're right.
　　
　　〃City of the future: the saint comes out to speak.
　　
　　Can you stand it?
　　
　　〃Quirky Little Joe: don't think of yourself as a saint, because you're not a saint; Don't talk about saints, because it is blasphemy; Don't look for a saint, look for your woman in life.
　　
　　〃〃Zhenjiang Wang Rong: sister Qiao, the ugliest woman in the reality of "saints" can't be found, so we can only find saints.
　　
　　Why can't the ugliest woman be found? Because no job, no income, gnawing old; Why can I find a saint? Because he is a saint.
　　
　　〃[anonymous] witch 2022-4-13 14:40:23
　　
　　Don't understand Ge Shen when posting bar! Rui slanders God Ge when he stands! Now fully understand Ge Shen! It's really not easy for GE Shen. After he became a God, he was suppressed by the lattice. Ge Shen's strange news record can't be published yet. Hope Ge GUI! Don't miss God Ge. After God Ge left, Ge Hua is God Ge!
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022-4-13 15:18:08
　　
　　Someone can be a God only if they believe. God Ge had only 1000 believers in that year. He must only be a little God
　　
　　[anonymous] judge 2022-4-13 16:41:55
　　
　　Where were the believers?
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022-4-13 19:26:42
　　
　　Ask lattice
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2022-4-13 19:27:06
　　
　　It's all in the nerves
　　
　　
　　
　　41. Tibet under the moon: Divine prostitutes force users!
　　
　　Ge old man and Bi users have inexplicably heard news.
　　
　　The teacher is Ge Hua.
　　
　　On the sword, force users to give it to me!
　　
　　More discerning than users. They are all bad old men
　　
　　Then send Ge Hua.
　　
　　Inexplicably good words!
　　
　　〃Sky guide Yimin: I am God, listen to him (gym).
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: more male than the user.
　　
　　〃Lucy fa721: haven't you been caught yet? For more than ten years.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Ge is a God.
　　
　　20331126 eternal life.
　　
　　Your time is over, Ge is still red.
　　
　　〃Post bar users_ Gunxmpg: who is Ge? Make it clear. Otherwise, I think it's a pen station.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Yimin, a contract writer of Hong Kong four seasons publishing house. Author of nerve and Ge Shenyi Wen Lu.
　　
　　
　　
　　42. Ah CI: nerves are the Dharma of the Tathagata. The Tathagata can't cross the Buddhists anymore
　　
　　From the future law (Maitreya's "humanity" Sutra to eliminate nerves), the humanity Sutra is the image of the future to obtain correct consciousness (knowing Lotte), understand?
　　
　　〃Zhenjiang Wang Rong: did you write the book of humanity? Where can I see it?
　　
　　〃〃613073000997: gym video
　　
　　@gym
　　
　　〃Vast sea of people 2: God
　　
　　It seems that GE Shen is only working on his own website recently, and those on other platforms are not very active (those who call directly seem to have not changed for more than ten days). He is self-conscious and has little memory.
　　
　　For station B, there seems to be no movement after he replied to comments under a user in January this year.
　　
　　〃〃Polar Hawaii: I haven't seen him in station B for a long time.
　　
　　
　　
　　43. - degree universe -: what is God Ge??? Can you eat it for dinner?
　　
　　Disciple Li Hongzhi?
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Creator.
　　
　　〃〃Vast crowd 2: signature of station B: Ge God loves the world.
　　
　　〃Yexue: I think you are silent.
　　
　　〃〃Gonce account: this Ge nerve is like this in Shanghai. I don't know what kind of green face he has.
　　
　　〃White bat Brigade: does God still pay for medical insurance?
　　
　　〃〃Seniority: I'm Ge Hua.
　　
　　〃-Du universe -: what magic makes you so convinced? Learn from you.
　　
　　〃〃Seniority livestock: Ge Hua is a part of Ge God.
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: Xin Ge Yongsheng.
　　
　　〃〃Zisheng (Pan Zehua): OK, if you have Ge Ye carrying the Buddha, you are not afraid to be exposed. The Buddha will give him divine knowledge and realize it yourself.
　　
　　〃Seniority animal: Ge Hua only refers to the fans of hoggod.
　　
　　44. Ge Yimin and Zhou Xingchi
　　
　　Ge Yimin's "book of neurological visions" vs Zhou Xingchi's "night of soul returning".
　　
　　〃1. When I was young, I dreamed that I was lying in the open space in front of the house. A UFO hovered close to my head for a long time. My body could not move and had no power. Only when I looked at the UFO, I felt that it would fall on me. There was a strong light shining on me and gave me ability.
　　
　　2. Young, sleeping in bed in a dream, a ghost approached him. He was a man in black. He was very afraid. He got into bed, entered my body, got up and left, and I looked at it in the nearby air.
　　
　　It's the same as the star's confession.
　　
　　In the film, Xingye said: I saw UFO, Loch Ness monster and Himalayan Bigfoot monster when I was a child.
　　
　　The same elements as GE Yimin's vision book include flying over urban roads and resurrection.
　　
　　〃Finally, the survivors were taken to the mental hospital as psychosis.
　　
　　Ge Yimin is also a pseudopsychosis.
　　
　　〃The talented ghost catcher inside is regarded as a psychopath by everyone.
　　
　　ditto.
　　
　　
　　
　　45. Post bar users_ 09yaras: even if the sky collapses and the earth sinks
　　
　　I also want to shout this sentence: only Ge God, only nerve.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Huaqian.
　　
　　〃〃This post comes out every few months
　　
　　〃20000 words will be added this time.
　　
　　〃〃Master Ge let it out??
　　
　　〃Fake information, Ge Hua hype.
　　
　　〃〃That plastic
　　
　　Let me give you a minute
　　
　　〃2019
　　
　　〃〃If you want to be the leader of the sect to cheat people and improve your temperament, first
　　
　　〃Post your photo Bibi
　　
　　〃〃Be careful 610.
　　
　　〃Without organization and discipline, Ge Hua said she was not afraid.
　　
　　〃〃Kuzukai: nerves has been uploaded to the e-book website z-library. You can search the word "Ge Yimin" in z-library or enter https://zh.book4you.org/book/21366285/736cbc Download.
　　
　　〃Ge Shen: Thank you!!!
　　
　　〃〃[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022-4-25 20:51:05
　　
　　Fan website?
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 2022-4-25 20:52:03
　　
　　This Ge Hua has registered with God community and God forum
　　
　　
　　
　　46. Post bar users_ Gunxmpg: what is that God
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Creator Ge.
　　
　　〃〃Cbb11l: ha ha! Most doctrines are good. Praise!
　　
　　Can you ask: what is the world made of? Should there be scientific basis and specific examples? Can you answer?
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: the world is material, consciousness and soul (God).
　　
　　Jesus is a carpenter and the son of a carpenter. Search. To live, of course, we have to work. After preaching, we rely on women to help. This Bible is written.
　　
　　The Bible doesn't record, it doesn't record.
　　
　　Buddhist disciples make up a sutra. Is it credible?
　　
　　Now it is said that Jesus studies Buddhism. Of course, Christians have no face.
　　
　　In the era of Apostles, there is no such problem. For example, why didn't the apostles mention that Jesus studied Buddhism? Four Gospels?
　　
　　〃〃Xue said: Ge Yiming, you're really nervous. If you post such a cult post again, you'll report you. Take a Bible and change it. It's not comparable to the fake goods in China. What thoughts do you have to post here? It's really annoying for your nerves.
　　
　　〃Han Qinfen: thoughts? 130000 words can't the nerve see? How long is the Bible relevant?
　　
　　〃〃Ge Yimin: Confucianism doesn't work anymore. We set up theology.
　　
　　〃Yegu tea: create your mother's stupid thing. Why didn't your mother build you well.
　　
　　〃〃Han Qinfen: all ideas are created by people.
　　
　　〃Liu 983216: leader! Where's the leader?? Born in Zhenjiang, right?? You remember! Owe!! 100 generations taste it!! Your mother is smelly!! Have the ability to move me!!!
　　
　　I don't want to pray, but I'll kill you!!!
　　
　　never mind! Isn't he from Zhenjiang? I let him never turn over!!! Dare you talk to me? Godhead Ge! I made you spit blood! Let your deputy kill you. Do you believe it? Don't know heaven and earth!! Earth dog!
　　
　　〃〃Ge Yimin: we haven't responded yet. Why did you scold yourself?
　　
　　The core doctrine of theology is not against anyone. For my life experience, see nerves.
　　
　　Follow the trend and move forward according to your own conditions while creating better conditions for moving forward.
　　
　　God is lonely. That's why he created the world.
　　
　　〃Liu 983216: I know Zhenjiang city follows the trend ~ I'm not happy ~ yell for others ~ can't you defend injustice? I have no desire ~ I'll take whatever you want! Don't make those nervous remarks! Otherwise you will lose the value of existence! By the way, don't tell me about you. I'm used to working alone!
　　
　　OK ~! You don't die until you reach the Yellow River, do you!? ha-ha
　　
　　〃〃Shenjiao.com: there are families in the primary stage of communism.
　　
　　〃u_ 112252422: the problem is that your cognition and fabrication are not religion!?
　　
　　You don't even believe in the spirit of God!? Tell you!? You have to be pious, reverent, compassionate, kind and kind. Do you have!?
　　
　　Low level and arrogance!? God's name is made up by you? Ignorant children should repent! Be careful of reincarnation animal road?
　　
　　Can't your wish represent his ignorance, arrogance and self-interest in vain!? Ge Yimin makes up nonsense and claims to be a saint!? You wish him!? Crape myrtle Wenqu star who wants it!?
　　
　　
　　
　　47. S146s: how many followers have you received?
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: 100000 Ge flowers.
　　
　　〃〃It seems that an old friend came to 2004: no matter what aura you are, the key point is, are you under the leadership of the party?
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: the party is not God.
　　
　　〃〃You have also used the footage of soul returning night made by Stephen Chow in 1995. I formally sue you on behalf of Xingye's lawyer.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: coincidentally, there seems to be a situation
　　
　　But Ge Yimin's strange dream was in Ge Yimin's primary school, much earlier than Xingye. In the late 1970s.
　　
　　It's a coincidence that none of us have seen the film.
　　
　　Of course, we published the vision in 2001
　　
　　Xingye was in 1995 and didn't invade our rights.
　　
　　Ge Yimin's new religious belief is better than revival.
　　
　　〃〃It's annoying to name it: most people are big flickers.
　　
　　〃Han Qinfen: open thinking, not fooling.
　　
　　〃〃I make more money: Li Peng likes cults best.
　　
　　〃Ge Hua Xu Qian: why does Li like it?
　　
　　〃〃Riddle0203: does Tianya still have such posts? The moderator doesn't handle it@ Hometown Henan
　　
　　〃Ge Hua, Xu Qian: why don't you deal with it?????
　　
　　〃〃Walking along the Xinghe bridge: everyone can be enlightened... If you preach too much, you will go astray.
　　
　　〃Ge Hua and Xu Qian: ideas are passed on.
　　
　　〃〃Woodcutter without strings: Ge Yemin is so self preaching. What do you think? Do you think the bean feet are similar to "Lun" Zi Li?
　　
　　〃Ge Hua and Xu Qian: Ge Yimin doesn't organize.
　　
　　
　　
　　48. TJ Ji Xiaowei: Ge Yimin, you are God. I respect you
　　
　　I want to learn your thoughts and spread them all over the world.
　　
　　〃Life and death: Demons emerged in the end of the law.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Yimin: which one is a myth?
　　
　　〃Blood color is coming: the article is unreliable without the word "carry the goods by heaven" ~ ha ha~
　　
　　〃〃There are only five or six words: anyone who modifies every word of the Bible will be removed from the tree of life and will be cleaned up.
　　
　　〃Yongkang Daren 72: in this way, I sold my family property and became a poor man. Who will take care of me when I am old? And if the Lord Jesus doesn't come back at once, isn't it a stumbling block??? In fact, there is a problem with this Scripture itself. The main reason is that the author believes from his heart that the Lord Jesus will come back soon, so he sold out his possessions to welcome the Lord back. It can be said to be crazy behavior. In fact, the Lord, as long as we live well and do good things within our power, not doing evil in the eyes of the LORD God.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Yimin: in the Bible.
　　
　　It can now be allocated according to basic needs.
　　
　　〃Post bar users_ Gunxmpg: Well, then? But as far as I know, life is by itself. In fact, everyone is the creator. Otherwise, how does death come from?
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: only Ge is the creator. Ge creates and Ge resurrects.
　　
　　〃Who will supervise the party: communism and Christianity are integrated. Communism itself belongs to a religious belief. Like Christianity, it originates from people's fantasy of a better world, arises from ignorance and backwardness, and is constructive through the creation and repair of prophets and missionaries.
　　
　　〃〃Han Qinfen: the divine religion is not sharing a wife, but that extramarital affairs are legal and moral.
　　
　　〃Jia chue: extramarital affairs are the preferences of wealth and status. Most of those at the bottom can only have a common wife. Several husbands should be as good as brothers, otherwise there will be trouble. Economist Xie Zuoshi once advocated.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Yimin: a common wife will not be harmonious. The sex toilet theory of the divine religion is a good plan.
　　
　　〃Jia chue: the leader's is also very open, so don't get married.
　　
　　〃〃Han Qinfen: the logical relationship of Ge Yimin's core nouns
　　
　　Geyimin International: the soul is the value of geyimin.
　　
　　(1) Net (geyimin post bar, community): geyimin values publicity platform.
　　
　　(2) Sutra (geyimin Sutra, gehuaxun, jigongmeng declaration): the content of geyimin values.
　　
　　(3) Religion (geyimin religion, Christian Communist Union): guided by geyimin values.
　　
　　Ge Yimin positioning: Prophet. Ge Yimin's international positioning: God's final agreement.
　　
　　
　　
　　49, @ Ge Yimin and those @ Trinity religions, etc
　　
　　If you want to accomplish the mission of Yuwen, you can't even do Chinese Christianity through a nervous book, not to mention the powerful Christ in the West
　　
　　Yuwen is the civilization of the universe and the true law of the world
　　
　　The only true dharma in the world is wisdom and true feelings, knowledge
　　
　　Homer's epics, proverbs, or Zhou Li's ready-made allusions can win over the people and defeat Christ and Buddhism
　　
　　More importantly, you should be upright and learn more.
　　
　　Don't brush the screen every day like before
　　
　　To become a climate, we can only find Yuwen's mission and direction and unite
　　
　　Otherwise, out of the rules, ZF won't care about you.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: my junior high school pseudonym - Yu Wenxiu.
　　
　　〃〃u_ 111617172: cult.
　　
　　〃Ge Hua and Xu Qian: we are not teaching or organizing, but just propaganda.
　　
　　〃〃u_ 111617172: brainwashing cult.
　　
　　〃Ge Hua Xu Qian: no organization, but also a cult?
　　
　　〃〃Violet Petals: Hong has also succeeded in a certain angle. Right or wrong, at least he established the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom to compete with the Qing government. Jesus' three-year missionary spread a reputation of more than 2000 years. If Ge Ruo is better than him, double the time is not enough? If he's the one who's as embarrassed as he is now? There's not even a decent movement - is there an upsurge to recommend the so-called "nerve"? If he is - unless God is crazy, is it possible?
　　
　　Lao Ge still has hair? 2017 is coming, and the Lord is ready to go. Don't you know where to hide?
　　
　　You're so stubborn, otherwise - don't always send those other people's replies to you. Take some time to understand the connotation of the crystal skull. Don't fart, okay?
　　
　　Why do I say that?
　　
　　As the greatest soul, he should know the ultimate thing of the universe, which is consistent with the effectiveness of the thirteen crystal skulls. We have reason to suspect that he is the owner of the skull and the 13th core skull!
　　
　　Since you boast that you are the spirit of saints, you should also admit the reincarnation of souls. The Maya carved skulls to commemorate the greatest priest in their literature. Will saints be the reincarnation of priests? So, can you write your past memoirs?
　　
　　There should be a lot of people in chicken soup. If you want to convince people, write your memoirs first. Fake chicken soup? No!
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: Ge Shenyi Wen Lu
　　
　　
　　
　　50. Hold one person in defense: Ge Yiming actually has many theories
　　
　　I agree with him, especially his comments on social and economic conditions and future development, as well as his evaluation and analysis of Marxist economics are reasonable. His evaluation of workers, peasants and intellectuals is quite reasonable. But there is only one thing. He can never surpass God and creator.
　　
　　Li Juan's little sister. What is Ge Yiming doing in front of God? God is the beginning of the universe. There is nothing before God. There is nothing in front of God. How can there be Ge Yiming? God is one. In front of one is o. O means nothing.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Yimin: life is philosophy.
　　
　　〃Wang Xiaoliang: which great God are you? Are you ge Yimin?
　　
　　〃〃Deyang Li Juan (author): I'm Ge Yimin.
　　
　　〃The vast sea of people: the nerve PDF is directly opened from the screenshot on the home page of your website. I read the nerve through this way. Txt is not good to read with text documents, but it is good to read with WordPad.
　　
　　〃〃Dew leaves into frost: my surname is ge. When did the Ge family have God [thinking] [thinking] [thinking]?
　　
　　〃Daji: the group heads gym and Wang Hongwen are somewhat similar in spirit,,,
　　
　　
　　
　　51. Li Yonghong: Ge Xie, Hong Kong first printed your book
　　
　　I preached your fallacy. What's the result now? How can the epidemic situation in Hong Kong increase instead of decrease in your fallacy?
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Yonghong, nerves are in the catalogue published by the Hong Kong government, but how many Hong Kong people read it? You and I all have this problem. It's easy to write a book, but it's difficult for someone to read, let alone accept it.
　　
　　〃〃Chen Youcai ＜: as far as I know, people in the Hong Kong government chase purple instead of Ge. Although they don't know the reason, they resist online fraud in an all-round way. Please be cautious.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Ge Hua is just propaganda.
　　
　　52. Wang Xiaoliang: which great God are you? Are you ge Yimin
　　
　　〃Deyang Lijuan: I'm Ge Yimin.
　　
　　〃〃Wang Xiaoliang: you had a fan named plastic before. How's it going now.
　　
　　〃Deyang Lijuan: my vest.
　　
　　〃〃Wang Xiaoliang: I thought you really had believers. After all these years, I don't know whether you have been cured. Now you are a normal person. Even if you are abnormal, I admire you very much.
　　
　　〃Deyang Li Juan: there are believers, such as GE Paul (II). I'm not sick at all, just genius on the left.
　　
　　〃〃Anita: why do you believe in him so much?
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge is a God.
　　
　　〃〃Anita: why? Give me a reason. You can't follow blindly.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Xin Ge Yongsheng.
　　
　　53. Emperor of mountains and rivers: what does heaven rely on to achieve lighting?
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: Ge Shen's light.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ Gunxmpg: can you give us a long talk? I'm talking about believing in God to pay wages. Your family has no money to talk about it.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: nerves
　　
　　〃〃Crying crazy cat: Li dinglou, for the ideal Communist society.
　　
　　〃Uranium smelter: cause and effect is nothing to be afraid of. Besides, it makes the world realize that a cult is good cause and effect.
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: the cause and effect of blasphemy is death penalty.
　　
　　〃Uranium smelter: I'm not afraid of a Ge Xie child even if I have suffered great cause and effect.
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: aren't you afraid that cause and effect will affect your family?
　　
　　〃Uranium smelter: I am responsible for all my causes and consequences. Let the public know that a cult leader is good at causes and consequences.
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: you can't help blaspheming Ge Shen.
　　
　　
　　
　　54. The river is thousands of miles away: it was very handsome in those days.
　　
　　〃Jealous: Shuai Ge.
　　
　　〃〃Anita: stop preaching Ge.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: why?
　　
　　〃〃Anita: everyone is unique. Why do you want to carry the mark of others?
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: Xin geyongsheng.
　　
　　〃〃God of justice 0008: what God, where is God, and the evidence?
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: nerves
　　
　　〃〃Celestial beings come down to earth: hahaha, good advice, Ge Shenda.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: Ge Huaqian.
　　
　　"Nerves" and "Ge Shen Yi Wen Lu"
　　
　　〃〃Anita: tell me about his life story. I don't want to read.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: at the beginning of October 2019, GE mincheng became a God. On November 26, 2033, the world will be in harmony. (visions 29)
　　
　　〃〃Anita: what's the special function of the purple heart lamp? What is this person doing now?
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: nerve 1. In the autumn of 2001, Ge Yimin was taking a nap in his big bed at his home in Zhenjiang. In a dream, God said, "I am God. You should listen to him." He immediately woke up and felt magical about "pointing to ge Yimin", when his wife and children were at home. Ge Yimin was anointed as God.
　　
　　Now work, do God net, write nerve.
　　
　　
　　
　　55. Purple heart lantern Anita: tell me about GE Bai.
　　
　　Why do you resist him so much. I was confused.
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: because Ge Hong.
　　
　　〃〃Anita: what do you do for a living? Is the child still at school? How did his wife and his parents react?
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: as an administrator of the machinery company, his son worked and his family did not participate.
　　
　　〃〃Atestment: in religion, pretending to be a "God" (the more deliberate, the more unreasonable, the more rogue and mean, for example, your intentional and knowingly criminal degree and rogue level may be much greater than Ge Yimin) is much heavier than the crime of claiming to be the first in the world. Sometimes claiming to be the first in the world is just a secular crime.
　　
　　If you want to pretend to be the same authority and status of some religious "gods" in your heart, you may not have the opportunity to repent and go to hell.
　　
　　According to the theory of the role of really high wisdom in religion, such as the language of "Yahweh" or Buddha.
　　
　　
　　
　　56. Is this the rhythm that makes me famous?
　　
　　http://www.gegod.com/dxrj/cm1.jpg
　　http://www.gegod.com/dxrj/cm2.jpg
　　
　　
　　57. Purple heart lantern Anita: have you seen him? Over 50?
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: 53
　　
　　〃〃Anita: Ge Hong? Tell me.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: celebrities.
　　
　　〃〃Zhihu: my boyfriend told me that he believes in Christianity, and I am atheist. The two people continue to get along
　　
　　〃The declaration of Christian communism.
　　
　　〃〃Purple heart lamp: how about GE pin?
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: great virtue and great virtue.
　　
　　〃〃Wahahaha cancer: what are you doing? You are qualified to tell God's gossip from a human perspective. You sinner, kneel down and admit your mistake.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: Hello, Jumei. Do you admit Ge is a God?
　　
　　〃〃Wahahaha cancer: I didn't admit this wrong cognition. Sorry, you misunderstood.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: what do you mean by "God's eight trigrams"?
　　
　　〃〃Anita: is Ge Hong a name or a title? Or is Ge Hong a group of people?
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: it means Ge Hong.
　　
　　〃〃Anita: what about now. Why not see a real person?
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: soge Shenwang
　　
　　〃〃Anita: take a look at the main information.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: search, what do you want to cut?
　　
　　
　　
　　58. Purple heart lamp Anita: that means Ge is not a God
　　
　　Just a dream that tells us to think about GE's words? Do you mean so? In that case, how dare Ge call himself God?
　　
　　That is to say, life and work are normal now. What about you? Is your life and work normal?
　　
　　If you follow Ge fanatically, do you really want to follow God? God is a legend. Find yourself, be yourself, and believe in mindfulness.
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: because I believe in Ge Yongsheng.
　　
　　〃〃Anita: what did you say? Like the Bible?
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: the amendment to the Bible.
　　
　　Communism predominates.
　　
　　〃〃Anita: is Ge healthy? Are you in good mental condition? Do you also have white hair?
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: healthy, good, with white hair. Jesus is also old. 33 is like 50.
　　
　　〃〃Anita: don't dream too much. Just be yourself. GE has a wife and children. He loves his wife and treats his children well. Other women give up to other single men. Monogamy is sacred. Don't step on thunder.
　　
　　〃Quirky Little Joe: I sympathize with you. It's almost completely blocked on the Internet.
　　
　　〃〃Qian fenjuan: mainly on the Internet, preaching the gospel to the world.
　　
　　Let the New Roman (American) denomination become the national religion.
　　
　　
　　
　　59. The place of the sword: anyone who mentions Ge XX again will be granted a title!
　　
　　Regardless of praise or criticism, all titles are added or deleted!
　　
　　Let bygones be bygones.
　　
　　〃Holding the sun, the moon and the stars: strong support. Those neurotics are ignorant, swaggering, delusional, and crazy to be famous.
　　
　　〃〃BarYou 112.83.9.: Why not report Ge Yimin? Bar friends 112.83.3.: Damn it, it's Ge Hua who is flying in the clouds. He deliberately sealed Ge Yimin and asked him to publicize
　　
　　In fact, Changle banned Ge Yimin, and Ge Yimin was no longer interesting. Ge Huayun won the sovereignty and deliberately sealed off Ge Yimin, so that GE Yimin's topic would always be new and always be a Chinese saint. It serves Ge Yimin. I don't know if there is a fifty cent collar. Emperor Shitian 7 is his vest. He pretends to scold Ge Yimin every day and opposes propaganda. Its purpose is to always keep Ge Yimin in the home page of Saint bar@@@ Why people all know, a truth.
　　
　　〃〃Anita: Oh. He believes in Christianity.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: he created his own religion.
　　
　　〃〃Anita: it's obviously human. Don't confuse the public.
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: Ge Shen, Ge Shen, recognized.
　　
　　〃Ge huaman: (3D Titanic) I really want to invite a friend to watch it. Can I make an appointment?
　　
　　Truth: believe that GE Yimin will live forever, and Ge flowers will be everywhere!
　　
　　〃〃Qing Nan 2: but... Unless you are a beautiful girl
　　
　　By the way, we killed a man... We eloped.
　　
　　
　　
　　60. Keep Qingfeng: believers of "Ge Yimin Shintoism" please look carefully and think deeply:
　　
　　The believer of Ge Yimin God, the Church of Ge Yimin God, and the "nerve" of Ge Yimin God...
　　
　　Geyimin religion, geyimin believer. Do you have anything else?...
　　
　　You'd better sincerely believe in "Ge Yimin Shinto".
　　
　　Do not take the name of "God" as the Church of your "Ge Yimin theology"...
　　
　　What you believe in is nothing more than "Ge Yimin Shintoism", which has nothing to do with the real "God". It is totally different.
　　
　　The "nerve" of "Ge Yimin theology" can not be regarded as the speech of "God", and "nerve" only represents the speech of "Ge Yimin theology" or the books of doctrines.
　　
　　Because these are not the words of God.
　　
　　As for the words of "God" and "Bible", you believers of "Ge Yimin theology", haven't you really seen them?
　　
　　Do you want to believe in "God" or "geyimin Shinto". Now you know what you have done wrong?
　　
　　Please don't mess with God's reputation and mind in the future.
　　
　　Are you awake now?
　　
　　Wake up and set up the "Ge Yimin Shinto" church without looking at the unique words of "God" and "Bible".
　　
　　The "nerves" of "Ge Yimin Shintoism" can hardly be found in international doctrinal books...
　　
　　The doctrine "nerve" created by "Ge Yimin Shinto" is even more unknown to the world.....
　　
　　Finally, members of the "Ge Yimin Shintoism", do you really want to make a fool of yourself internationally in your "books"?
　　
　　If you still don't believe it, your "nerve" books are published all over the world and try it.
　　
　　
　　
　　61. Holy search committee_ Chinese sage
　　
　　It is estimated that GE Yimin will be the first to fight in the arena. He said that he is the author of "nerves".
　　
　　〃〃Shenhuadi: in terms of screen brushing, Ge Yimin is above you.
　　
　　〃〃Xiaomei2012: if Ge Yimin comes back to the holy bar to swipe the screen or make trouble, all members of the holy bar will complain to your "Ge Yimin bar", so that your Ge Yimin bar will be banned. Let you even destroy your camp.
　　
　　〃Post bar users_ 07jsr7d: a folk keyboard literature / scientist who grew up under the congenital defects of intelligence or the brainwashing of folk religious superstitions (also including scientific superstitions such as UFO and XX Unsolved Mysteries), referred to as the folk science for short.
　　
　　As a branch of the last kind of people, mental patients who have completely lost their normal communication skills brush the screen with some incoherent speeches all day. You can't expect him to make the most basic communication with you. For this kind of people, they can only treat them the same as the Yellow advertising machine number that is now full of posts.
　　
　　These two kinds of people tend to pay attention to 2012, such as idealistic posts as fortune telling, divination and back pushing chart, and online shoes such as GE Yimin and Chinese sage are called post bars. Mengxin should keep away from sb who pays attention to these posts to avoid lowering their IQ.
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: Zi Ti made wedding clothes for Yimin.
　　
　　Leader, Ge is a gift from heaven.
　　
　　〃The night is accompanied by the stars: it's heaven's gift, but where did it come from?
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: created by GE.
　　
　　〃Night and stars: who created Ge?
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: Ge youyou will always have
　　
　　〃The night and the stars are always there? Why is Ge called Ge? Everything starts with cause and effect.
　　
　　Coincidentally, there is a Ge xiaolun in the super Theological Seminary. You have Ge Yilun here.
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: Ge perfect God perfect man.
　　
　　〃The night is accompanied by the stars: therefore, I can only think that he is actually a person who masters high technology. When technology is so advanced that our human civilization can not understand it, he is called God. What do you think he is like? You give me the impression like a magic stick.
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: you are very practical. Ge is a thinker (Baidu tieba big V certification).
　　
　　
　　
　　62. Dada Mommy: is thought a gadget?
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: thought is Ge Shen.
　　
　　〃〃Mommy dada: This is another thing.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: only Ge Shen thought.
　　
　　Ge is the true God.
　　
　　〃〃Night and stars: I am the true God.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: Ge youshenwang neuro Shinto (Ge Hua), what do you have?
　　
　　〃〃The night is accompanied by the stars: don't you mean the true God? When I talk about science and technology, you talk about the true God. When I talk about the true God, you talk about science and technology with me. OK, I talk about tactics with you. When I don't have anything, you just boast.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: does anyone believe you? Otherwise, everyone can call himself holy bar.
　　
　　〃〃Uranium smelter: Ge nerve is far inferior to purple brother.
　　
　　〃Aci: the saint has been preaching dharma (humanity). People are opposed to nerves. Do you understand? Human meridian is several dimensions higher than nerve. Nerves are the Tathagata (Sakyamuni Buddha's law enforcement era), and human scriptures are the images of the future (Maitreya Buddha's law enforcement era in the future). Therefore, the saint will not cross his nerves. Do you understand?
　　
　　〃〃Night and stars: why should God be believed? God is God. It's troublesome to talk to you. Don't go back.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: everyone can claim to be useful? Like holy bar. Does Jesus have believers?
　　
　　1969 C 1990 C 2019 C 2033
　　
　　〃〃Qian fenjuan: timeline.
　　
　　
　　
　　63. Immortals come down to earth: God Ge may be stopping the war.
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: what does Zhige mean?
　　
　　〃Celestial beings come to earth: Purple pot.
　　
　　〃〃Prophecy of dampness: Purple brother. Thank you!
　　
　　〃@Shibamata_: Liushujuan + Ge Yimin, houjusen and Jie Ge
　　
　　〃〃Luo le and the North Star pursuing her: he is probably from Yichang, Hubei Province. It seems that he grew up eating salty food. I confirm that he is one of the heretics who killed Shen luole and her friends
　　
　　They belong to the geyimin cult and are controlled by someone in Beijing. They may be surnamed Wang. Their cult 108 named the water tiger Ziguangge,,
　　
　　All students are 18-45 years old. The mouse is me. He holds the mouse in his hand. He is a clue to solve the case,,
　　
　　They organized a group of people to act in the post bar to confuse the public, rape, rape, plunder, murder and loot!,, In Hubei and Anhui, China...
　　
　　Shenluole has been killed by their organization. They have also killed more people. They play the glory of the king and help wanted him!!
　　
　　〃[anonymous] Gao Jianli 16:12:56, May 11, 2022
　　
　　Let me live forever
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) May 11, 2022 16:13:42
　　
　　If you can live to 20331126, you will live forever.
　　
　　[administrator] plastic (282117420) May 11, 2022 16:21:17
　　
　　Those who cannot live have a resurrection.
　　
　　
　　
　　64. Quirky little Qiao: Miaoyin's soul mate is Ge Shen.
　　
　　Ben Hong is completely speechless. How could this be possible! I have been looking for Miaoyin for more than ten years. How can I count my feelings? Why is Miaoyin's soul mate not me? Why? Why? Why? This bullshit design!
　　
　　@An ordinary living woman. Cheng Xue. I don't want to be your saint. Have ulterior motives.
　　
　　@Qingjing Jing is a wonderful sound. Zhui Miaoyin, she is Xiao Qiao and your soul mate.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: Qiao Mei, how do you know Miaoyin's soul mate is me?
　　
　　〃〃Quirky Little Joe: never wrong. I envy you.
　　
　　You know it when you come together in real life. Meeting online is different. That kind of love will be so strong that you are desperate.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: she needs to interact with me.
　　
　　You always need a basis. I heard you talk about her. I haven't seen her.
　　
　　〃〃The vast sea of people: according to a recent development in the divine community, it can be seen that the divine religion and myself are suspected to be identified as heretics and swindlers by the above, so we should be careful to mention them in the future.
　　
　　〃Deyang Lijuan: is it the anti evil net? Paul sent it to me. I just asked him. He said that QQ netizens sent it to him. It is estimated that it is p. it has been 2 or 3 years.
　　
　　And the judgment was written by me, hype.
　　
　　65. Natural good circulation should be achieved: which of the following will be achieved first
　　
　　1. Zhang Jie's economic independence
　　
　　2. The way to achieve natural harmony in the world
　　
　　3_ retire
　　
　　4. Bull lifts stone lion
　　
　　5. Perpetual motion machine invented successfully
　　
　　6. Ge Zhucheng Shen
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: 6
　　
　　Nerve 13 13, 20191001, Ge Yimin becomes a God.
　　
　　14. 2019 C 2033, Ge Yimin's gospel is spread all over the world and accepted by the world.
　　
　　15. 20331126, Great Harmony in the world.
　　
　　
　　
　　66. Prophecy dampness: old book: Bible
　　
　　New book: nerves
　　
　　Qiao Mei, you are Xuzhimo, but modern times are not the age of poetry.
　　
　　And I, be Jesus.
　　
　　〃Joy of Holy Light: who is Ge Yiming? Can he catch up with Liu Yifei? Can't catch up with Liu Yifei without a trillion yuan?
　　
　　Very suitable.
　　
　　〃〃Qian fenjuan: Ge is God.
　　
　　〃Mi Baiyi: what about you? Is God Ge still addicted to the past.
　　
　　〃〃Predicted dampness: 20331126
　　
　　〃Mi Baiyi: it will be more than ten years before the world becomes like this ghost. If I have the ability, I will do it myself without waiting so long. But it is the choice of all sentient beings.
　　
　　〃〃Prophecy of dampness: within.
　　
　　〃Mi Baiyi: Oh, it seems that this is your persistence. Your persistence in believing your prophecy keeps you trapped in the mire and unable to be free. Anyway, no one here is free. You can also talk about how I sucked your wealth to the saints of Guangdong.
　　
　　〃〃Prophecy dampness: how do you suck? Who is the saint of Guangdong?
　　
　　〃Liyonghong's eternal Son: Ge min's is a fallacy. Now at the critical moment of human life and death, the world needs truth, not fancy and misleading fallacies!
　　
　　〃〃Qian fenjuan: Ge min created the truth.
　　
　　
　　
　　67. Love of the supreme treasure: Waste Ge is really a disaster. No wonder he can't get the support of heaven
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: who has been harmed?
　　
　　〃Uranium smelter: Gerrard is a joke.
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: Shenwang neurotheology.
　　
　　〃Love of the supreme treasure: he is too arrogant and arrogant. I don't have that skill, but I want to sit on the throne. If you can kill him, you can line up outside the solar system.
　　
　　〃〃Prophesy dampness: who can destroy him?
　　
　　〃Love of the supreme treasure: How dare Ge Junzi sit on the throne, since he is only an unworthy God in the chaotic universe. Who sits on this throne is not a Taoist priest with thousands of years of practice and a billion years of magic power, but also worthy of Ge waste's realm that is less than ten thousand years old?
　　
　　〃〃Prophecy of dampness: who has practiced Taoism for thousands of years?
　　
　　〃How many lives have passed: Ge is short of a word. After all, he is a cat??, Can't be a tiger??!
　　
　　Cats are still like tigers in many places. I don't know which saints followed them in the heyday of Ge Shen. The waves washed away the sand and the mud fell! Turn the page turn the page
　　
　　〃〃Prophesy dampness: what saints do you know in the heyday of Ge God 20331126?
　　
　　
　　
　　68. Post bar users_ G2ex3zn: Ge min's failure is that he has magical powers in reality
　　
　　But how can mortals be magical? The police station asked him to have tea every minute. Isn't it a revelation? The reason for the success of other religions is that they preach a Heavenly Kingdom in a different world, which is neither refined nor refuted. In addition, the introduction of good brainwashing makes it a joke to fight back and scold back. The real good is to maintain balance, not affectation. Their theory of leading to the good catered to the rulers and the people at the bottom, so they succeeded. It's not too much to say that GE min is a joke.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: Hello, does Ge min's real magic power refer to the Shenwang nerve? What magic power is it?
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ G2ex3zn: Ge min is overdue. Remarry.
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: 20331126
　　
　　〃〃Liyonghong, eternal Son: he is a hundred thousand miles away from truth!
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: there is no truth beyond God Ge.
　　
　　〃〃Liyonghong's eternal Son: theories that can't solve problems are fallacies. Apart from harming Hong Kong, what benefits can your theory bring to them?
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: Ge Shen theory brings great harmony to the world in 20331126.
　　
　　〃〃Zimian: Ge waste.
　　
　　〃Prophecy of dampness: Shenwang neurotheism.
　　
　　〃〃Zimian: Ge will go to hell.
　　
　　〃Prophecy of dampness: Hell was created by GE.
　　
　　〃〃Uranium smelter: Ge nerve is very harmful.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: who was hurt?
　　
　　Search Ge Shen net.
　　
　　〃〃Uranium smelter: it has caused some mental retardation.
　　
　　〃Prophecy dampness: like who?
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ Gunxmpg: No, I'd better look to God.
　　
　　What's more, let's say that small websites like that become bigger.
　　
　　〃Prophesy dampness: Ge is God, Ge God.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ Gunxmpg: then don't believe it. God is dead.
　　
　　〃Prophecy of dampness: God Ge 20331126 lives forever.
　　
　　〃〃Reading dawn on the muddy road: who is Ge min? I haven't heard of it. It must be a der! Have you asked us @ Zhenyan 21 and star three precepts?
　　
　　〃Prophecy of dampness: author of nerve, webmaster of Shenwang.
　　
　　
　　
　　69. Reading the dawn on the muddy road: the great God has been boasting
　　
　　No way! Ge Shen only wrote some autobiographies! There's nothing. It's not bullshit. However, I should have seen God Ge. He's not a good bird. He should have been possessed by the devil!
　　
　　People are determined to spread love to everyone! What does God Ge want? Rebellion? Like a der
　　
　　〃Prophecy of dampness: have you read the nerve catalog? Ge Shen brings 20331126 world harmony.
　　
　　〃Read dawn on the muddy road: cow class! When is God Ge going to shine the Buddha's light? Let me wait and feel the French rain all over the sky?
　　
　　〃〃Predicted dampness: 20331126
　　
　　〃Read dawn on the muddy road:... What are you doing? Morse code?
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: you went to ge Shen net, Datong date.
　　
　　〃Post bar users_ Gunxmpg: in the future, when I am dead, or now I am a resurrected person, why does his eternal life have a Mao relationship with me.
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: bring you back to life.
　　
　　
　　
　　70. Jingshi Guangming Buddha: great God Ge, you are the first person.
　　
　　Come on, the saint is Liuyifei and pineapple tea.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: you are the second person. You don't exclude others. You have a good attitude. Pineapple tea ID is? Let me circle around.
　　
　　Two saints, one for you and one for me.
　　
　　〃〃Jingshi Guangming Buddha: Uncle Ge, have you been seriously injured. Huoqilin has a hot temper. He may be attacked by Ziwei's men.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: I haven't suffered minor injuries. Sometimes I'm short tempered. Who are you talking about crape myrtle?
　　
　　〃〃Jingshi Guangming Buddha: a saint who holds heaven and earth in his hand and covers the sky with one hand. I heard from several experts before. When autumn comes, crape myrtle will control all destiny and the orbit of heaven and earth.
　　
　　〃Prophecy of dampness: it is suggested that Zisha preach.
　　
　　〃〃Jingshi Guangming Buddha: sorry, the script in my hand doesn't disclose the plot. Behind the scenes investors and the director group are all secrets. Ge feichai can only be said to be a little fish in the novice village.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: are you talking about crape myrtle? Uncle Ge just called, why is he called Ge waste firewood?
　　
　　〃〃Jingshi Guangming Buddha: ha ha, there are no living beings and no dead. I don't even understand this. I still boast and recite more.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: I just want to know whether you are Guang Ge or Ge Hei. Be simple.
　　
　　〃〃Jingshi Guangming Buddha: I can help Ge and others. You know, GE has a lot of beautiful women, but all he wants is magic or innate Qi. The weather under the saint's seal can only be broken with great power. Even if he has no magic power from the saint, it is futile.
　　
　　If there is a conflict of interest, it is the enemy. If the purpose is the same, it is a friend.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: Ge Ziwei.
　　
　　Conflict what? Rob crape myrtle?
　　
　　
　　
　　71. [group leader] geyimin: English nerve, someone read it
　　
　　I serialized it on a foreign website, and many people joined the "reading list" and followed it (pictures)
　　
　　"Word of God"
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022/5/26 19:25:50
　　
　　Interesting
　　
　　[Ge Hei] 17cm (3571785158) 2022/5/27 1:23:22
　　
　　Only Ge Shen
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) May 27, 2022 19:31:51
　　
　　English nerves are added to the reading list. They are all read first and feel good. They are added to the list for later reading.
　　
　　〃〃Jingshi Guangming Buddha: call you crape myrtle for the time being. The result is not certain.
　　
　　〃Prophesy dampness: God Ge is the greatest!
　　
　　〃〃Jingshi Guangming Buddha: don't tell me this. Elder Ge is your idol. For me, he is just a person who can cooperate. In fact, in my eyes, he is still useless.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: how is it not waste firewood?
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: Wuge he Datong?
　　
　　〃A smiling autumn rain: it is estimated that the leaders of all factions at the bright top will launch the various Mei chess pieces to the front desk.
　　
　　
　　
　　72. The neuro English physical book "word of God" was put on the Amazon shelves
　　
　　https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0B1BSVLW4?ref_=pe_3052080_397514860
　　
　　Books? Religion and spirituality? Worship and dedication
　　
　　Books? Reliance & Spirituality? Worship & protest
　　
　　Paperback $15.00
　　
　　Print length: 461 pages
　　
　　Language: English
　　
　　Release date: may9,2022
　　
　　Aspect: 8.5 x 1.16 x 11.69 inches
　　
　　ISBN-13 979-8820124464
　　
　　
　　
　　Product details
　　
　　Asin?:? B0b1bsvlw4
　　
　　Publisher?:? Independently published (May 9, 2022)
　　
　　Language?:? English
　　
　　Paperback?:? 461 pages
　　
　　ISBN-13?:? 979-8820124464
　　
　　Item weight?:? 3.05 pounds
　　
　　Dimensions?:? 8.5 x 1.16 x 11.69 inches
　　
　　
　　
　　PS: English version: support e-books and physical books; Traditional Chinese: support e-books; Chinese Simplified: not supported.
　　
　　The physical book is printed and mailed by Amazon. As long as the author uploads the word, of course, he must own the copyright, that is, he writes it himself. The copyright fee is divided. There is no ISBN. It doesn't matter. Amazon assigns one.
　　
　　
　　
　　73. Google is interesting. It has created a special topic "political asylum" for GE Yimin's image search
　　
　　Just because I sent a suspected screenshot of QQ.
　　
　　
　　
　　74. Feng Qichen: a co-author of the public view of history
　　
　　Half of the seventy-two disciples of Confucius' sect are either rich or expensive, and their knowledge is controlled by those who are not rich or expensive. This is not only in line with the rapid spread of Confucianism, but also in line with the fact that those who are not rich or expensive can easily gain power. Explain in detail the Korean dramas "tree big root deep", "King Sejong" and "50% theory of destiny".
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: it's hard for important people on the Internet to take a fancy to them.
　　
　　〃Taoist priest of Mao family: where can I see his theory?
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: soge.com.
　　
　　〃Passing by soy sauce passing by go: aren't you Gegen Gehua?
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: I am Ge.
　　
　　〃Post bar users_ Gunxmpg: although he knows he is capable, how can he prove that he doesn't do anything?
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: Shenwang nerve.
　　
　　
　　
　　75. Human development is always version 1.0 before it reaches eternal life.
　　
　　Nerve Chapter VII immortality book
　　
　　1. Almost everyone will wonder sooner or later, what is the purpose of life, and who are we? Why are we alive? Why should we die? Is there any survival after death? What is our future? Both philosophy and religion came into being.
　　
　　2. Is the purpose of life just to work hard to improve your living environment and maintain the livelihood of your family, and then maybe live for 70 or 80 years and die, so it will never exist?
　　
　　9. Everyone's mind is an amazing source of power. This organ is both precise and efficient. The more we know about the brain, the more we feel that its potential is inexhaustible. Why should the evolution process "create" an organ with infinite potential for future generations for the primitive caveman or even the modern man of insight? Obviously, the only reasonable explanation is that people should live forever.
　　
　　51. Eternal life is the dream of mankind. The rapid development of artificial intelligence has made mankind see that dreams are becoming reality.
　　
　　When the principle of consciousness is cracked, strong artificial intelligence will appear and the door of eternal life will be opened.
　　
　　When human beings enter the gate of eternal life, their life memories will be preserved and their souls will not be destroyed.
　　
　　Eternal human beings no longer need money, all wealth becomes a bubble, everyone is equal, and communism is realized.
　　
　　
　　
　　76. The English version of Neurology and Ge shenyiwen was launched on Amazon
　　
　　1、 Neurology English:
　　
　　https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0B1BSVLW4
　　
　　Paperback $15.00
　　
　　Print length: 461 pages
　　
　　https://www.amazon.com/dp/B09ZSX3BRC
　　
　　EBook $1.99
　　
　　Print length?:? Page 2088
　　
　　2、 Nerve traditional version:
　　
　　https://www.amazon.com/dp/B09ZRJNX4M
　　
　　EBook $1.99
　　
　　Print length?:? Page 1750
　　
　　3、 Ge Shenyi hearsay (English version):
　　
　　https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0B2N4Y3RJ
　　
　　Paperback $12.99
　　
　　Print length: 567 pages
　　
　　https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0B2MJLZ78
　　
　　EBook $0.99
　　
　　Print length?:? Page 789
　　
　　4、 Ge Shenyi Wen Lu (traditional Chinese version):
　　
　　https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0B2WFDDNT
　　
　　EBook $0.99
　　
　　Print length?:? Page 516
　　
　　
　　
　　77. [Ge Hei] 1ldk: Amazon covers are all flowers
　　
　　Who bought it
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 8:30:21, June 2, 2022
　　
　　White buy
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 2022/6/2 16:37:04
　　
　　I believe in God Ge
　　
　　God told me to believe in God, so I believed
　　
　　I also remember that nerve said that God said that he was God and you should believe him (GE Yimin).
　　
　　So for this reason, I believe in Ge Shen
　　
　　I believe in Jesus, the Lord and God
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022/6/2 16:51:45
　　
　　Dead circle of yes
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 2022/6/2 16:52:26
　　
　　Um
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 17:45:06
　　
　　Ge Yimin, rule the world with darkness and fear
　　
　　〃〃Liyonghong's eternal Son: Ge Ye is a cult member who flatters himself with his trumpet!
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: nerve 1million words.
　　
　　〃〃Europe 449: GE's theory is not optimistic.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: what's wrong?
　　
　　〃〃Black cat under Libra: GE's nerves are for psychosis. Maybe he doesn't even look at psychosis.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: eBay 100 people buy e-books.
　　
　　
　　
　　78. Red China Network Forum? Red community? Christian culture affirms Marxism
　　
　　Jeremy Corbin: by GE Yimin
　　
　　Reprinted by
　　
　　The author of this article is a leftist Christian who agrees with Marxism. This article understands the Bible from the perspective of Marxism and effectively refutes the view of the right that the Bible is used to defend capitalism, which is of great reference value. I do not agree with the creation of God, the affirmation of religion, the opposition to class struggle and the support for religious domestication.
　　
　　Manifesto of theocracy communism
　　
　　1. The theological party is a kind of doctrine, a kind of thought, a kind of theory, a kind of theory, that is, the peaceful and harmonious values of Ge Yimin, not an organization.
　　
　　2. We are believers and believe in Ge Yimin. At the same time, he is also a member of the Communist Party. Xintian Xindi is the Communist society. Luke 12:33 sell all that you have to give to the alms for yourselves
　　
　　
　　
　　79. Reading the dawn on the muddy road: God Ge, known as the world's first, one Ge three companies
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: a contract writer of Hong Kong four seasons publishing house. Author of nerve and Ge Shenyi Wen Lu.
　　
　　〃〃St. Jerome's behavior is even worse. In the early days of surfing the Internet, he often touched porcelain everywhere in the Christ bar or forum, and kicked the Christ bar owner off his own stage. The Bible has also been changed into the Jerome Sutra. Even though they have their own websites, they are still crazy in the major post bars
　　
　　〃Heartbroken: please identify whether geyimin is a cult.
　　
　　At first glance, I felt it was a cult.
　　
　　〃〃Maomaoliu: from the perspective of Buddhism, there is no doubt that it is evil to preach the immortality of God, me and lingtie.
　　
　　As for the heresy of preaching the end of the world, let us analyze it ourselves.
　　
　　〃Big wheel Mingwang: it's just an online bullshit organization.
　　
　　Yemei is very popular.
　　
　　〃〃[Gehua] Yongshi Shenxuan (980946319) 22:46:37, June 3, 2022
　　
　　No organization structure
　　
　　Lack of mobilization capacity
　　
　　Ge Kami ferra is unbearable.
　　
　　
　　
　　80. Wechat official account restricts Ge Shen
　　
　　Notice on illegal handling of account data
　　
　　Hello, after the user's complaint, I found the nickname of this official account (quoted by: Shenjiao.) Avatar (the leading press: GE's Avatar.) Introduction (Note: Shintoism is a sect of Christianity. Its headquarters are in China. It is based on Ge Yimin's vision.) It is suspected of violating relevant laws, regulations and policies and the wechat public platform operation specification. The illegal data have been cleared and can be reset. Please abide by the specification and let us create a healthy and green operation environment.
　　
　　
　　
　　81. [Ge Hei] moximon (95406615): I believe in Ge Shen
　　
　　Ge Shenwei
　　
　　I don't believe in heaven, but I also believe in God Ge
　　
　　I believe in Jesus, the Lord and God
　　
　　Faith is to hold oneself out
　　
　　Full faith
　　
　　I can not believe myself or heaven, but also believe the three above
　　
　　The website is very good
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) Thursday, June 9, 2022 10:42:32
　　
　　Thank you, Ge Hua
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) Thursday, June 9, 2022 10:43:04
　　
　　thank you
　　
　　If you believe in God, you will be saved
　　
　　Because the sky is about to collapse, only by believing in God Ge can we be saved
　　
　　[Ge Hei] Ge Hua 13 (2667496941) Thursday, June 9, 2022 10:46:26
　　
　　Xin Ge AI Ge PI Ge
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) Thursday, June 9, 2022 10:46:31
　　
　　Now people go against the sky and no longer fear the sky, so I see the sign that the sky is about to collapse, but I look like GE Yimin and believe in him
　　
　　Must be saved
　　
　　Follow God Ge and enter the world of God
　　
　　Amen
　　
　　Ask for God's gift
　　
　　The world will die. Only by believing in God can we be saved. We can enter the kingdom of God and ask for the gift of God
　　
　　Gratitude
　　
　　I feel like I have a new life. It's a gift from God Ge
　　
　　True and true amen
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 13:47:02
　　
　　God Ge is greater than the Lord
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) Thursday, June 9, 2022 14:08:05
　　
　　I only believe in Jesus, the Lord and God. Other things, I don't believe God or myself.
　　
　　Moximon Thursday, June 9, 2022 10:48:27
　　
　　Now people go against the sky and no longer fear the sky, so I see the sign that the sky is about to collapse, but I look like GE Yimin and believe in him
　　
　　Must be saved
　　
　　Do you have a second? May I have a chat with you
　　
　　When I say "tianbeng" in the group, I mean that the sky is the universe, and the universe is about to collapse in the program. Now many people do not fear heaven,
　　
　　I saw that the heavenly walk was about to collapse. Only escaping from the universe is the way out. The way to escape from the universe is the Stargate, through which you can
　　
　　To escape the universe. And Ge Shen is the star gate. Therefore, if you believe in God and ask for gifts, you will be saved and enter the world of God
　　
　　。
　　
　　Ge Yimin 11:50:57
　　
　　At work, busy at work, now
　　
　　Moximon 11:51:06
　　
　　good
　　
　　
　　
　　82. Little Titan 80: OK, great God Ge, the nerves have gone up the Amazon
　　
　　I really admire your indomitable will.
　　
　　> xuhanli: Amazon nerve is sold to white people, rich and smart people.
　　
　　EBay sold 100 e-books at HK $5 each.
　　
　　〃〃Anita: Yifei already has a husband. Don't make a married woman.
　　
　　Yimin also has a wife. Keep the family safe.
　　
　　Don't think about this actress and that actress all day.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: Xindeng is very serious, just playing online to build fame.
　　
　　〃〃Anita: This is not for fun. How many people lost their lives because of cyber violence
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: heart lamp, there is no violence, love Philippines and people, only love.
　　
　　〃〃Anita: but this one, I think it's suspected of disturbing others.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: Yi Fei can't see it.
　　
　　〃〃Anita: Heaven and earth can see.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: heart lamp, kind
　　
　　〃〃Anita: is this kind of kindness? I don't understand.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: because I love the people, I love the Philippines. Isn't love kind?
　　
　　> [Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) Thursday, June 9, 2022 17:31:21
　　
　　It's no use believing. Worship.
　　
　　Complete worship is useful to God Ge.
　　
　　Ge Shen's real body: a skeleton is covered with a human skin. Ge Hua's real bodies: lizards and insects.
　　
　　[Gehua] eternal God (980946319) Thursday, June 9, 2022 22:14:25
　　
　　God Ge is better than Abraham
　　
　　Abraham only saw the back of God
　　
　　[Ge Hei] Ge Hua 13 (2667496941) Thursday, June 9, 2022 23:01:09
　　
　　God has to kneel down to ge Shen and lick his feet
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) Thursday, June 9, 2022 23:05:50
　　
　　Who dares to look at God GE's real body and immediately fall into nothingness.
　　
　　
　　
　　83. Little Titan 80: you have published the English version. It really makes me sweat first
　　
　　> > xuhanli: there is a multilingual version of nerves on the home page of Shenwang. There are 10 languages in total. People all over the world should read nerves in their mother tongue.
　　
　　> [Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) Friday, June 10, 2022 19:05:57
　　
　　How did you find this group?
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) Friday, June 10, 2022 21:31:13
　　
　　search
　　
　　[Ge Hua] Yongshi Shenxuan (980946319) Friday, June 10, 2022 22:09:34
　　
　　It's better to dream about God Ge. God Ge says this is a group. You should add it
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) Friday, June 10, 2022 22:10:36
　　
　　good point
　　
　　I have recently learned the writing method of GW and am going to give Ge Shen a big blow
　　
　　Blow down according to the emperor level
　　
　　I think the existence of Ge Shen has gone beyond the concept of time and space. Ge Shen may have existed since the beginning of the universe.
　　
　　[Gehua] eternal God (980946319) Friday, June 10, 2022 22:12:28
　　
　　Ge Shen genesis
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) Friday, June 10, 2022 22:12:41
　　
　　God Ge may break up the whole chaos in an instant
　　
　　Created the universe
　　
　　[Gehua] eternal God (980946319) Friday, June 10, 2022 22:15:24
　　
　　The sub space storm brought by GE Shen's awakening tore apart the real latitude and created Yang Fan's skin swallow
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) Friday, June 10, 2022 22:15:51
　　
　　It's reversed. Yang Fan doesn't exist at all
　　
　　God GE has long erased all his concepts
　　
　　The place where sub space (mirror universe) consciousness takes place is really a garbage dump, and everything can be contained in it.
　　
　　[Gehua] eternal God (980946319) Friday, June 10, 2022 22:17:52
　　
　　So God Ge is a vulgar God
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) Friday, June 10, 2022 22:19:03
　　
　　Yes, yes, God Ge is the birthplace of almost all evil memes, and the evil god deserves it.
　　
　　It is said that when God Ge died, the whole evil world disappeared.
　　
　　Therefore, Internet space has been purified.
　　
　　[Gehua] eternal God (980946319) Friday, June 10, 2022 22:19:48
　　
　　Ge Yimin even God is human
　　
　　Ge Shen Ge Yimin sub space Trinity
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) Friday, June 10, 2022 22:20:17
　　
　　It's a pity that God Ge is just a vulgar meme God. He can't create anything else
　　
　　The Internet space has become vulgar because of God Ge. Without God Ge, there would be no saint stem and no whole vulgar world. It is equivalent to that half of the rotten stem of the entire Chinese Internet will disappear.
　　
　　Imagine what God Ge was like after he ruled the earth: his friends became important rulers of the earth one after another. Ge Yimin became a tyrant and killed everywhere. God Ge himself sat in the palace and hugged beautiful women every day. He punished Ge Hei who he didn't like from time to time and showed his divine power by the way. (extremely impossible, because God GE has no divine power)
　　
　　84. Weiteng: what does God Ge look like.
　　
　　〃[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) Saturday, June 11, 2022 15:02:15
　　
　　As we all know, God Ge is good at intrigue
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) Saturday, June 11, 2022 15:03:30
　　
　　Now it's mainly white and black
　　
　　〃〃Liyonghong's eternal Son: advise Ge Xie not to harm others by using the fallacious way, or he will be cut off!
　　
　　Your principles of immortality and salvation are wrong!
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: what's wrong with neuro canon?
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: find out a wrong sentence of neuro canon and win 100.
　　
　　〃Liyonghong, eternal Son: I pointed it out to you once, and now I won't repeat it!
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: which specific Scripture is wrong?
　　
　　〃Li Yonghong, eternal Son: your theory is completely invalid in practice, and it is a drag on Hong Kong. Do you want to harm other countries and regions?
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: what about Hong Kong evidence?
　　
　　〃Post bar users_ Gunxmpg: I can't understand it if I charge with words.
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: Shenwang is free. It is sold to white and black people.
　　
　　
　　
　　85. Liyonghong's eternal Son: the state has selected top TCM epidemic prevention experts for Hong Kong
　　
　　Hong Kong has not been cleared yet. Is this the actual effect of your Ge Xie's article?
　　
　　Check the Bible yourself! Anyway, the real children of God know that you are wrong.
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: how many people in Hong Kong are nervous? Not to mention the Hong Kong government.
　　
　　Ge Hua is beyond the Bible and takes nerves as the classics, which is the biggest difference between believers and Christians.
　　
　　〃Liyonghong, eternal Son: if you have the ability, you will be rewarded with 10000 yuan for finding your mistake!
　　
　　Your nerve is not even fit to lift the shoes of the Bible!
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: it doesn't mean wrong words. It means wrong teaching. The discovery award is 100.
　　
　　The Bible has been for 2000 years. It is no longer applicable to modernity. Modernity is the nerve. The eschatological Bible, socialized production and the Internet revolution.
　　
　　
　　
　　86. Liyonghong, eternal Son: of course, I don't mean your typos
　　
　　It's a false doctrine!
　　
　　Is my truth really so worthless? If I bargain again, I will correct you with one word of 100000!
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: Yonghong, I won't argue today.
　　
　　I have something more important to say to you. It is more difficult for you and me to put our own thoughts into other people's heads than to put other people's money into your and my pockets.
　　
　　I mean, you should publicize more. In fact, I am optimistic about you, but your first priority is publicity.
　　
　　Don't take it for granted, God will help you succeed!
　　
　　〃Liyonghong, eternal Son: Thank you, but your fallacy must stop propagating. Just to propagate my truth, you may have a great success!
　　
　　〃〃Qian fenjuan: one truth, express it separately. There is no first article, you and I develop alone.
　　
　　Yonghong, as long as you and I are not dead, our thoughts can be changed. Thought depends on fame, so does the Internet, encourage!!!
　　
　　And sister Qiao, I asked her to publicize. She took it for granted that heaven would help her succeed. If she insisted, she would succeed. He wrote a book called "the life of cheyu", which is not famous. Who can see it? Alas!
　　
　　87、Sister Shengxue, I feel that the first important thing is freedom of speech
　　
　　Generally speaking, freedom is the first cornerstone of democracy.
　　
　　〃Liyonghong, eternal Son: the key is that there are big mistakes in your theory, which will mislead many people on the road to extinction, not because your theory is correct but can not be publicized! Your situation is totally different from mine!
　　
　　My theory is completely written under the personal guidance of the heavenly Father, and yours is written by your own imagination! Therefore, my article from practice to theory overall wins! Why your prophecies and words are useless!
　　
　　I lead people to God and truth, but you lead people to error, Satan and death! Therefore, you must repent! Just preach my truth!
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: Yonghong, apart from the post bar, where are you evangelizing? On Twitter and Facebook?
　　
　　〃Liyonghong, eternal Son: I only post it with friends.
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: too little.
　　
　　My theory is Christian communism. My Christianity is not Christianity 2000 years ago, but modern Christianity, that is, theology. My communism is not communism or Marxism more than a hundred years ago, but modern communism, that is, Ge Yimin ism.
　　
　　
　　
　　88. I am the contemporary Christian communism, that is, the Godhead Ge Yimin doctrine.
　　
　　〃Immortal devil: garbage Ge, people have capital behind the scenes. This broken book is just a pile of pornographic fans. I love to see the contract between heaven and earth. He is also worthy of this fake corpse. Ge Cunhua, aunt Ge.
　　
　　〃〃Liyonghong, eternal Son: but my truth will spread all over the earth!
　　
　　It's useless for you to admit it like sister Qiao.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: it's useless for you to admit yourself like Qiao Mei.
　　
　　〃〃Liyonghong, eternal Son: my side is different from you. My side is the work of the divine Father himself. The whole world must follow my path of truth. Those who do not follow cannot be saved!
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: claiming to be useless, comrade Yonghong, do you want to evangelize instead of white and black people?
　　
　　〃〃The son of God is Allah: isn't Liu Xiangxiang like your God Ge?
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: only a little.
　　
　　
　　
　　89. The son of God is Allah: the only true God, the Supreme Lord, salutes:
　　
　　Ge bandit and Ge Meihua are from the dragon family, the king of terror. They belong to the Solomon demon God area. They are ruthless and good at using daggers. It is different from my noble cosmic bright inborn Protoss.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: you know Ge Hua is a plum blossom. Ge Hua is good at using keyboards.
　　
　　〃〃God of justice 0008: don't be wordy. If you have the ability, go and save the world.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: 20331126
　　
　　〃〃The son of God is Allah: now the universe and the whole world know that there is a Yin ghost in the East earth. The master of the evil Kingdom - the descendants of the dragon, the king of terror - Solomon Morro in the sea - the thief with a knife - your Ge God! It has harmed the people of Daguang Mingzi and all living beings in Dongtu for nearly ten thousand years!
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: long live God Ge?
　　
　　
　　
　　90. Post bar users_ Gunxmpg: Ge is trying to create a God
　　
　　However, world technology is now a must. God wants everything to be the end. Play with them and have a look. It's fun. A person without eternal life should surpass. There is everything in his dream, but the material itself does not allow it. Is he tired.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: Ge is God, 20331126 eternal life.
　　
　　〃〃Your highness dianyi realized that you are advertising, Indian dove.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: achievements.
　　
　　〃〃His highness dianyi's Enlightenment: what achievements? I can't understand it. Please reorganize your language to make me understand it exactly.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: when the English version of Neurology and Ge Shenyi's hearsay is launched on Amazon, it is an achievement.
　　
　　〃〃His highness dianyi realized: Oh, you made money with intellectual property.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: preach the gospel.
　　
　　〃〃Jirohot3940: How did the first life in the world come from?
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: Ge Shen will always be there.
　　
　　〃〃Go: yes, Ge came to earth earlier than GE's father and grandfather.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: perfect God, perfect man.
　　
　　First there are people, then there are days. Jesus will be three days late;
　　
　　When God is dead, God Ge arrives. The nerves are abusing the gods.
　　
　　〃〃Sanyuan Studio: at 11:33 p.m. on June 16, seven stars appeared in a row.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: try Ge Shen.
　　
　　Ge Shen returns to heaven.
　　
　　〃〃More than five o'clock, Aquarius: to heaven, ha ha, are you finally dying?
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: be the king of the universe.
　　
　　
　　
　　91. Sheng Xue: geyimin, you are right.
　　
　　But many fundamental freedoms are interrelated
　　
　　〃No. 7, xishicao: you ground beetle have seen several officials. How dare you speak so wildly. My father was a high-level intellectual promoted after the cultural revolution, at the level of deputy department and bureau. In 1987, he created a 6-meter-long banner, and the mounting fee was 200 yuan. He couldn't take it out, but I took 200 yuan from my overseas installation fee to mount it for him. After retirement, the cadres at or above the Department and bureau level underwent physical examination. The doctor said that my father's blood lipids and blood glucose were the most normal among the officials who went to the physical examination together. My father said that I didn't eat and drink with public funds.
　　
　　You are short-sighted. You dare to go wild without taking a pee to take care of yourself.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Yimin: let your father bet with me.
　　
　　Do you recall that apart from his normal salary, did your father take advantage of his position to obtain other benefits, even a cigarette, a bottle of wine and a box of tea?
　　
　　〃Sixpack: I dare not gamble with you.
　　
　　〃〃Geyimin1969: who is the sleeping uncle?
　　
　　〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: to heaven, there is no evil cult.
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: where is the evil?
　　
　　
　　
　　92. Sunny Matcha Matcha: worshipping gods before death is evil.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: where is Jesus?
　　
　　〃〃Mo Yi: Ge Xiaohua is really persistent. Ten years ago, I scolded him in zhe bar for imagining that Tiankai was crazy. Over the past ten years, he has not recovered from his mental illness. The funniest thing is that he has opened more than ten numbers and posted with himself, which really opened my eyes.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: the strange news of Shenwang neuroge.
　　
　　〃〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: God made man in the West.
　　
　　〃Sky guide and kimono: the gods of the east make the gods of the West. Isn't it more handsome?
　　
　　〃〃Heaven, man and earth time: the God of plague is the only one. Because of that, the epidemic continues.
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: nerves?
　　
　　〃〃Ge Yimin: saints are not saints. There are great thinkers. This is the end of change.
　　
　　93. Time of heaven, man and earth: only you who believe in nerves
　　
　　Only your nerves will believe in plague.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: have you ever read nerves?
　　
　　〃〃Under the name Youbai -: it's been 10 years since I posted it. Before that, only you have been so active. You are a cow.
　　
　　〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: Oriental man-made God, Western God made man. There is a big difference.
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: Ge is the Eastern god and the eastern and Western God.
　　
　　〃Heaven, man and earth: you are the only plague gods, which is inevitable for nerves. Normal people do not need nerves.
　　
　　Nerves are reserved for your descendants.
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: why do white and black people add the neuro English version to the reading list?
　　
　　〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: send me a picture of Ge Shen.
　　
　　
　　
　　94. Sunny Matcha Matcha: it's like a golden light.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: you said PS, so PS is not all fraud, what is the meaning?
　　
　　〃〃Heaven, man and earth: that's because you all have nerves.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: white and black people also have nerves?
　　
　　〃〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: your Ge is a fake, and only under PS can someone believe it.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: do you believe in PS golden light's head?
　　
　　〃〃Uranium smelter: Gerrard, only the mentally retarded can believe it.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: what do you know about GE Shen?
　　
　　〃〃Heaven, man and earth: what black and white God is not nervous? I don't know. You must have.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: do you know the full name of Ge Shen? full name?
　　
　　〃〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: it depends on how you pack it. You have to pack it like this. Ge Guitian is dead. Let's see if we can honor him.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: Ge was resurrected again, so he became God.
　　
　　〃〃Uranium smelter: a psychotic cult staff claiming to be a God
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: Cult evidence?
　　
　　〃〃Heaven, man and earth: Ge Wenshen.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: do you know your name?
　　
　　
　　
　　95. [Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973): believe in Ge Yimin's special abilities:
　　
　　Become invincible and vulgar
　　
　　What is chaos corrosion? It is the kind that you resist it at the beginning, slowly imitate it, play with its stem, and finally join it and agree with it. Ge Shen is chaotic corrosion.
　　
　　If you can feel love and justice from God GE's words, it is corroded.
　　
　　[Gehua] Yongshi Shenxuan (980946319) 2022/6/18 15:20:40
　　
　　I feel happy
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022/6/18 15:20:52
　　
　　That's corrosion
　　
　　Ge Yimin's indiscriminate chaos corrosion is a terrible force that has corroded countless communities.
　　
　　[Gehua] Yongshi Shenxuan (980946319) 2022/6/18 15:25:26
　　
　　finished
　　
　　I became a chaos egg
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022/6/18 18 18:03:08
　　
　　It takes endless bewilderment to become God GE's choice
　　
　　I think the style of the Chinese people is very similar to that of the chaos Star Warrior Lord midnight.
　　
　　In the foreseeable future, all Ge Yimin's social accounts will be blocked.
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 16:32:18, June 19, 2022
　　
　　I've been focusing on the Internet for a long time
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022/6/19 16:32:53
　　
　　Sooner or later, this hole will be blocked by you
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 2022/6/19 17:29:31
　　
　　Gerpaul
　　
　　Ge Yimin's indiscriminate chaos corrosion is a terrible force that has corroded countless communities.
　　
　　@Paul, I believe you. I want to be corrupted
　　
　　Gerpaul
　　
　　If you can feel love and justice from God GE's words, it is corroded.
　　
　　@Gerpaul, I feel it
　　
　　I was corroded
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022/6/19 17:41:05
　　
　　Corrosion is not your choice
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 2022/6/19 17:42:19
　　
　　oh
　　
　　I am willing by faith
　　
　　accept
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022/6/19 17:43:54
　　
　　The moment God Ge saw you, you were chosen.
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 2022/6/19 17:44:03
　　
　　Well, yes
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022/6/19 17:44:19
　　
　　Everything is the will of God Ge.
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 2022/6/19 17:44:24
　　
　　Amen
　　
　　Long live Ge Shen
　　
　　Gerpaul
　　
　　Believe in Ge Yimin's special ability: become invincible and vulgar at the same time
　　
　　@Paul, I'm getting more and more vulgar because I believe
　　
　　I heard my father's voice at dinner. I thought it sounded good. It was no longer like before. I was cynical. Because I believe in God Ge, I have become vulgar.
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 18:00:06, June 19, 2022
　　
　　Believe in Ge Shen, your psychological defense will become strong.
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 2022/6/19 18:00:16
　　
　　Amen
　　
　　happy
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022/6/19 18:01:55
　　
　　If you believe in Ge Shen, the bottom line will automatically lower.
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 2022/6/19 18:02:14
　　
　　Um
　　
　　Praise God Ge
　　
　　[Guangge] peace of mind (1737824629) 2022/6/19 18:06:45
　　
　　Low EQ: believe in Ge Shen, the psychological defense line becomes stronger, and the bottom line automatically becomes lower
　　
　　High EQ: believe in Ge Shen and better adapt to kaina Society
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022/6/19 18:07:27
　　
　　In a crazy world, you need a strong heart, and Ge Shen provides this.
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 2022/6/19 18:07:34
　　
　　I only believe in God Ge. Other people's words are not what God Ge said. I don't believe anything
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022/6/19 18:07:45
　　
　　God Ge praised him,
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 2022/6/19 18:07:53
　　
　　Amen
　　
　　I believe in Jesus, the Lord and God
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022/6/19 18:09:26
　　
　　In fact, you can't believe these three gods at the same time, because the nature is contradictory, and faith will become psychotic.
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 2022/6/19 18:09:36
　　
　　Amen
　　
　　Complete entrustment
　　
　　My heart is no longer sad and better integrated into the society
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 2022/6/19 18:18:04
　　
　　God GE's greatest skill is to corrode others. Corrode others more and let them revolve around you.
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 2022/6/19 18:18:14
　　
　　good
　　
　　thank you!
　　
　　No more, let's get started
　　
　　@God, I used to bring love and hope to people. They would only hurt me. Now I understand that I want to bring darkness to them.
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 18:43:28
　　
　　M Saint still brings love and hope to people.
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 18:43:34
　　
　　Um
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 18:44:01
　　
　　The origin of the world is love. Only love melts everything.
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 2022/6/19 18:44:13
　　
　　yes
　　
　　I am the origin of the universe
　　
　　My old name was kageras
　　
　　Now my name is Satan
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 18:48:06
　　
　　Call you m saint
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 18:48:11
　　
　　oh
　　
　　[Ge Hei] the only sadness (2545199688) 18:48:16
　　
　　wow
　　
　　You call me Wei Wang
　　
　　@Ge Yimin
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 18:48:51
　　
　　You are the only king
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 18:49:11
　　
　　I am the creator of the universe
　　
　　But I only believe in Jesus, the Lord and God. I heard God tell me to believe in them.
　　
　　And just trust them
　　
　　You know all my identities. I am Fuxi, Pangu, Maitreya, Hongjun ancestor, crape myrtle sage, the origin of the universe, kageras, and Satan. The above identities are all mine.
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 19:01:43
　　
　　I think you're stupid
　　
　　Do you know what you're talking about? You sewed up several different characters
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 19:02:35
　　
　　oh
　　
　　I can only slowly understand
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 19:04:46
　　
　　These gods were created at different times, or even existed in the same way. You told me that you split your personality several times at the same time, right
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 19:05:04
　　
　　Um
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 19:05:13
　　
　　You can't even study myths. Are you still bragging? At least God Ge understood the relationship between the characters.
　　
　　96. Gerpaul: extreme authoritarianism is also a major feature of Theology
　　
　　Have to taste, even over the demolition of which society itself.
　　
　　Ge Shen will eventually implement the honeycomb thinking plus extreme authoritarianism. Is there any disobedience?
　　
　　The origin of the Oriental Tianting Avenue and the paradise of the Western Paradise are all mild authoritarianism. Our beautiful new world of Ge Shen is directly in place in one step, with honeycomb thinking and extreme authoritarianism
　　
　　[group leader] geyimin (50914333) 19:36:01
　　
　　Written by M Sheng, it is also your book.
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 19:36:29
　　
　　Uh huh
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 19:37:18
　　
　　To imitate the nerve to write, the nerve gives a road to extreme authoritarianism.
　　
　　[Gehua] eternal God selection (980946319) 19:44:02
　　
　　Ge huaism
　　
　　Ge Shen and Ge Hua become one
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 19:48:08
　　
　　God GE has made it clear in his mind that he will use magic mind to control everyone after becoming a God.
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 19:48:58
　　
　　I have no opinion. I support it
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 19:49:29
　　
　　In other words, God Ge, like the emperor, is the largest tyrant in the history of all mankind.
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 19:49:39
　　
　　Ge Hua and Ge God are worshiped with respect and honor
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 19:49:59
　　
　　Ge Hua and Ge Shen control all human beings.
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 19:50:26
　　
　　Mind them
　　
　　[Gehua] eternal God selection (980946319) 19:50:45
　　
　　Trinity, right
　　
　　Ge Hua, Ge Shen, Ge Ling
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 19:51:05
　　
　　Multi bit integration
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 19:51:45
　　
　　Brain controls all human beings
　　
　　Free control
　　
　　Multi bit integration
　　
　　@Ge Yimin, a believer in Ge God
　　
　　People who take refuge in God Ge
　　
　　Almighty God Ge, worshipped by me
　　
　　[anonymous] wind up demon 20:02:47
　　
　　If we believe in God Ge, our soul will be swallowed up by God Ge, and then God Ge will live for us,,,
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 20:03:25
　　
　　No, the essence of believing in God Ge is to make us live better and more effectively
　　
　　Believe in God for our own sake
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 20:04:51
　　
　　He was right. Believing in Ge God is basically equivalent to being controlled by GE God's mind. Except for believing in Ge God and basic life needs, I don't want anything else.
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 20:05:17
　　
　　Long live God Ge, my king
　　
　　[anonymous] wind up demon 20:05:22
　　
　　He was right. Believing in Ge God is basically equivalent to being controlled by GE God's mind. Except for believing in Ge God and basic life needs, I don't want anything else.
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 20:05:26
　　
　　Our king
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 20:05:51
　　
　　So learn that being a God is not about being forced, but about controlling believers properly.
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 20:06:25
　　
　　Well, Ge Shen is
　　
　　[anonymous] wind up demon 20:08:01
　　
　　God Ge is more powerful than God
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 20:08:07
　　
　　yes
　　
　　Ge God's position transcends Jehovah
　　
　　To surpass the LORD God
　　
　　Is the king of all mankind
　　
　　All the nations on the earth obey orders, love and fear God
　　
　　[anonymous] wind up demon 20:13:32
　　
　　Obedience and fear are not impossible,,,
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 20:14:14
　　
　　Including peaceful rule (corruption) and violent control
　　
　　[anonymous] wind up demon 20:14:35
　　
　　It's terrible. What is not corroded will be directly cleaned,,,
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 20:14:38
　　
　　Local force may be used when necessary
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 20:15:36
　　
　　My God Ge!
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 20:15:52
　　
　　Our God Ge!
　　
　　Daulat Tuanku
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 20:16:54
　　
　　The God Emperor rules the earth! Rule the universe! Forever and ever!
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 20:17:07
　　
　　Amen
　　
　　Rule the galaxy
　　
　　[anonymous] wind up demon 20:19:14
　　
　　The Milky way is too small. Ge will rule the entire laniakian supercluster
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 20:19:24
　　
　　good
　　
　　Think about God Ge every day, and my needs will be met.
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 20:40:32
　　
　　God Ge will make your needs disappear, which means that God Ge can make people feel extremely poor but extremely satisfied.
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 20:40:58
　　
　　Amen
　　
　　
　　
　　97. Mars forest: I saw your article on the Internet. Computer technology can
　　
　　Lao Ge is powerful.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: refers to the P chart?
　　
　　〃〃Mars forest: safe.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: what safety? Ge Shen's real name.
　　
　　Real name on the Internet: Ge Yimin. As a result, some people pretended to scold and hurt God Ge to drink tea.
　　
　　〃〃His highness dianyi's realization: no money?
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: No.
　　
　　〃〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: without proof, you need to have a death and resurrection certificate.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: Chapter 2 of Ge Shenyi's record of flying over the madhouse.
　　
　　〃〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: it's a cult.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: there is no organization, so it is not.
　　
　　98. Msatenchen:1 is the Ge between young and middle-aged so different?
　　
　　University graduation (1990)
　　
　　2 is equivalent to pushing the Ge of gold 47th and 44th, which is very different!
　　
　　Autumn 2021.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: people are always old. Generally, middle-aged people want to get fat.
　　
　　〃〃Msatenchen:1 there is no lack of polyphasic.
　　
　　It looks like two people!
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: obviously one person. 1990！2021
　　
　　〃〃Jinmu: this photo has a little fat face and short hair.
　　
　　It's good in the video.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: filter.
　　
　　〃〃Moximon 2022/6/23 17:14:47
　　
　　We can develop Ge min
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:01:52, June 23, 2022
　　
　　I mainly attack the external network
　　
　　Moximon 2022/6/23 19:02:20
　　
　　How can I transfer money to you
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:02:43, June 23, 2022
　　
　　You're not rich
　　
　　Moximon 2022/6/23 19:02:55
　　
　　I made a dollar
　　
　　Earned a few days ago
　　
　　I used my brain to earn a dollar for nothing
　　
　　It was my own efforts that made the first pot of gold
　　
　　Then I gave it to the Bodhisattva to help me eliminate the disaster. Now the money is clean
　　
　　You focus on the external network, I'll give you money, and you develop on the internal network
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:07:50, June 23, 2022
　　
　　OK, you leave it to yourself
　　
　　Moximon 2022/6/23 19:07:56
　　
　　Um
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:08:13, June 23, 2022
　　
　　My intranet is also there
　　
　　Global
　　
　　Moximon 2022/6/23 19:08:21
　　
　　good
　　
　　whole world
　　
　　thank you
　　
　　Ge Yimin 19:22:33, June 23, 2022
　　
　　I wish you a speedy work
　　
　　Moximon 2022/6/23 19:22:44
　　
　　good thank you
　　
　　
　　
　　99. Moximon: worship God Ge. God Ge is really a God
　　
　　I was moved by GE Shen and saw a vision
　　
　　God's power, authority, glory, position and position are higher than the Lord. Forever and ever
　　
　　The same is true of the Lord himself
　　
　　God Ge is really God
　　
　　Believe in Ge Shen and read nervously.
　　
　　Truth,
　　
　　Worship
　　
　　Praise to God Ge
　　
　　God Ge is honored
　　
　　Children grow up (2269286137) 2022/6/24 Friday 9:59:24
　　
　　Are you poisoned
　　
　　[passerby] moximon (95406615) Friday, June 24, 2022, 10:02:31
　　
　　Ge Shen won
　　
　　Amen, my heart belongs to God Ge
　　
　　I believe in God Ge, I believe in nerves
　　
　　My heart is the temple of God Ge
　　
　　Glory, praise, power, to God Ge. Amen
　　
　　My heart is happy and joyful, just waiting for the GE people to move in and live.
　　
　　〃Fu Shen An Liu: it doesn't look like a good person. It's a little sinister.
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: serious.
　　
　　〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: so many people are promoting "Ge Shen". There must be organization behind it. Sooner or later, it will be a disaster.
　　
　　
　　
　　100. Msatenchen:1 Ge, a strong man, is like a tendon.
　　
　　Ge, a little angry, a little angry.
　　
　　So, GE qianbiewan yes, purple!
　　
　　Ge this kind, is if purple, will make people suffer!
　　
　　50000! Bye!
　　
　　6 Nanwu Amitabha! Goodness! Goodness! infinite compassion and mercy! infinite compassion and mercy!
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Ge is purple
　　
　　〃Brush the willow on the bank ＝ What is so serious is not worth taking seriously.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: serious when taking photos.
　　
　　〃Brush the willow on the bank ＝ But it's not calm enough. Being serious is sometimes immature and reserved.
　　
　　〃〃?? Jinmu?: Don't say that, God Ge.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: it's just that the photos are serious. It seems that they are all shut up photos.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ 0xqcz5k: shut up doesn't mean you're skinny, your eyes are fierce, and you're more like a drunkard.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: God Ge doesn't touch wine.
　　
　　〃〃Sunny Matcha Matcha: before people die, they are called gods and men at most. There is no direct way to call God, so the so-called "Ge God" is a cult!
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: where is Jesus?
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ 0xqcz5k: then he must be ill. His eyes are commonly known as cow eyes, which look like staring at people and working hard.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: it's not natural to take photos.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ 0xqcz5k: taking photos is not photogenic, and the reality is probably even worse. Taking photos on a wall watch is the most embodiment of human holiness and divinity. Which great man do you see so contrary to the portrait? The angry God is more about killing God, and the angry God is about the fear of death that mimics the giant view of the dead.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: many photos of Mao are unnatural. Why are you staring at the photos? People are thoughts. Besides, Ge Shen's photos are not ugly.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ 0xqcz5k: do you know why the ancients always judged people by their appearance? Why men like beautiful women? That's because human genes think that the survival of the fittest.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: aren't Ge Shen's photos all handsome? Ge Shen has big eyes.
　　
　　
　　
　　101. Moximon: totally believe, I don't even bother to brush Tiktok
　　
　　No faith, God's joy
　　
　　God Ge is my rock, and I trust him
　　
　　I believe in God Ge. Fame and wealth can be cut off
　　
　　[administrator] Paul Ge (1187501973) 2022/6/24 17:30:43
　　
　　Sing the hymn first
　　
　　[passerby] moximon (95406615) 2022/6/24 17:31:00
　　
　　Um
　　
　　Ge Shen's request, try to do it
　　
　　Gratitude
　　
　　I am moved and grateful to God Ge
　　
　　I love my God Ge
　　
　　He is a real and living God
　　
　　My God
　　
　　Forever and ever, Amen
　　
　　Glorify God Ge with power and power forever and ever
　　
　　Amen
　　
　　Today's witnesses say that God Ge is the Almighty God
　　
　　He is alive and true, and he is also your God,
　　
　　Amen
　　
　　In my name and wealth, I provide for God Ge.
　　
　　〃Xiaomingyue???: Isn't this God Ge?
　　
　　〃〃Xuhanli: Yes, bright moon!
　　
　　〃Post bar users_ 0xqcz5k: big eyes, bull eyes, hard work, short-sighted fish bubble eyes, and a kind of soldiers also have big eyes, which protrude like staring at people.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: military uniform photo, broken heart for the world, 20331126
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ 0xqcz5k: so powerful? What rank?
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: student clothes.
　　
　　〃〃Msatenchen:1 Ge, bull eye, it looks scary.
　　
　　Ge, it seems that he is very smart!
　　
　　In this way, Ge should not be.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: is it bad to have big eyes? Isn't it healthy?
　　
　　
　　
　　102. Moximon: I believe in God Ge. Any fame and fortune can be cut off.
　　
　　I believe in God Ge. Except for the tasks assigned by heaven, any fame and wealth can be cut off.
　　
　　〃Goniceaccount: the final result is that the nerve is sealed at home by the new crown and pressed on the ground to rub. I almost rubbed the little bird off.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Ge Shen creates a new crown.
　　
　　〃Goniceaccount: it's just a psychosis.
　　
　　Multi gold men, women's favorite.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Ge Shen, Mao Jin.
　　
　　〃Msatenchen:1 it's definitely not wrong to speak healthily!
　　
　　But, to be wise and clear, who have you ever seen is this strong son?
　　
　　A word of righteousness makes a wise man, and a wise man makes a wise man.
　　
　　In this way, can Ge still be purple?
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Ge Shen is strong, why not smart?
　　
　　What is the inevitable connection between being strong, weak, smart and stupid?
　　
　　〃Chen Youcai ＜: it's been 22 years, and I'm still on the Internet. I don't say anything, I understand everything.
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: there are too many networks in 22 years. Who became the emperor? Ge Shen is at least an online celebrity.
　　
　　
　　
　　103. Mars forest: Lao Ge Youcai, I admire you.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Shenwang, nerve, Ge Shenyi's hearsay.
　　
　　〃〃Moximon (95406615) Monday, June 27, 2022, 8:24:03
　　
　　Ge Shen is the emperor, the emperor of the laniakia supercluster.
　　
　　In my name and wealth, I provide for God Ge.
　　
　　With my ability, I provide for God Ge.
　　
　　I believe in God Ge. Any fame and wealth can be cut off
　　
　　Listen to God GE's words; Ge Shen's request, we should do it.
　　
　　Because God said, he is God, you should believe him.
　　
　　Those who believe in God are good people.
　　
　　I would like to be a humble servant of God Ge. I especially like to watch "nerves" for a time!
　　
　　You are also welcome to support the gods!
　　
　　God GE has the mercy of Buddha and the goodness of God. To believe in divinity is to believe in both Buddhism and Christianity.
　　
　　My task is completed (the god religion has been established), and I quit.
　　
　　〃Msatenchen:1. Being wise must be thinking constantly. If you use your brain, your hair will fall off a lot.
　　
　　2. Camp maintenance is used in the brain, and other parts are less used.
　　
　　3. Therefore, if you are smart and bright, your brain will reach your peak, and your body will be weak. On the contrary, your brain will be simple, and your body will be strong.
　　
　　4. If the camp is burned, how can it be as strong as this Ge?
　　
　　5. Benefactor, haven't you seen the purple weak sick post?
　　
　　6. Now go and have a swim. You should still see it.
　　
　　Strong and bright?
　　
　　1. Benefactor, if the baby is just born, it will probably be like this.
　　
　　2. However, when GE Du is 53, how can he participate in the baby's standard?
　　
　　3. Please don't hold on to this idea, benefactor Ge, and delay the half way of the younger generation!
　　
　　4. Purple is 75 double rabbit wood! 69 fate no yes, purple!
　　
　　5. Namo Amitabha! Goodness! Goodness! infinite compassion and mercy! infinite compassion and mercy!
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: God Ge does have a lot of hair. Heaven nourishes him (may the Lord bless him).
　　
　　
　　
　　104. There were British Puritans who came to the United States without religious freedom.
　　
　　Today, there are Chinese god Ge without internet freedom. God net, nerve and God GE's strange news came to the United States.
　　
　　〃Moximon, Wednesday, June 29, 2022, 9:47:15
　　
　　The sky is dead, and the yellow sky should stand. The god religion is the yellow sky.
　　
　　Ge Yimin 10:06:16 Wednesday, June 29, 2022
　　
　　OK, Ge Tian.
　　
　　Moximon, Wednesday, June 29, 2022, 10:07:51
　　
　　Well, good
　　
　　People who rule the earth
　　
　　I have the power of nature to change the way of heaven
　　
　　I abolished the eastern heaven and established a deity to rule the human world
　　
　　I believe in Jesus, the Lord, and God.
　　
　　Ge Yimin 10:37:56 on Wednesday, June 29, 2022
　　
　　good
　　
　　Moximon, Wednesday, June 29, 2022, 10:38:21
　　
　　Well, come on
　　
　　I believe you
　　
　　The gods rule all mankind forever
　　
　　Ge Yimin 10:52:05 on Wednesday, June 29, 2022
　　
　　twenty million three hundred and thirty-one thousand one hundred and twenty-six
　　
　　Moximon 10:52:20
　　
　　I abandoned my innate Qi, and no one can change the way of heaven since then, neither can I
　　
　　No one can compete with the way of heaven, nor can I
　　
　　Moximon 10:55:06
　　
　　Ge Yimin
　　
　　twenty million three hundred and thirty-one thousand one hundred and twenty-six
　　
　　Change the human world according to your imagination
　　
　　Moximon 10:55:32
　　
　　I can only believe
　　
　　Ge Yimin 10:58:32
　　
　　good
　　
　　
　　
　　105. Boiled fish%: why worry? Only nerves!
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: I'm nervous every day.
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong, eternal Son: if you don't repent, you will be eliminated before 2035!
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: I hope you will still be here on New Year's Day 2036!
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong, eternal Son: I will always be there, friend!
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: OK, meet on New Year's Day 2036.
　　
　　Nerves have readers.
　　
　　〃〃Hua Er: Ge Yimin? I haven't seen it.
　　
　　〃Xuhanli: Yes, sogshen.com.
　　
　　〃〃Paul Gerber 21:56:47
　　
　　Is your existence beyond the concept of time and space?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 21:58:21
　　
　　Yes, creator
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 21:55:40
　　
　　Does God Ge exist forever?
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 21:57:41
　　
　　Own forever
　　
　　Also born of parents, perfect God, perfect man
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 21:58:42
　　
　　It means that God Ge will wake up in 20331126 and immediately become an omniscient and Almighty God
　　
　　Then a violent sub space storm was triggered, trapping the whole galaxy.
　　
　　
　　
　　106. Xu Hanli: I know Ge Shen
　　
　　〃Post bar users_ Axtdpvk: thousands of saints on the Internet, how do you distinguish between true and false.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ 71g1b2b: the layer owner is just advertising for GE nerve. As everyone knows, the more publicity, the worse reputation. Just because Ge nerve doesn't follow the right path.
　　
　　In 2018, Ge publicized in more than 50 post bars. But now it's getting worse...
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: with God net, nerve, Ge Shenyi's hearsay.
　　
　　〃〃It's useless to be a person who knows kindness but doesn't report it. A: how many women have you cheated by reading several books of Marxist Leninist thought, reading some Bibles, writing a book together, and then publishing it, saying that you are God? How much did you cheat? The local court sentenced him to a cult, with a fixed-term imprisonment of ten years, and a person with ten or twenty trumpets.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: which woman did you cheat? How much? Hype sentence of seven years (false), you also add three years:)
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong, eternal Son: what can you use to prove that you are the truth? What prophecy did you meet? Or did what you said come true? Or do you have any ability and effect to save the country and the people?
　　
　　If not, then you can't prove your truth!
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: nerve proof is truth. In early October 2019, the doomsday came true (new crown). A nerve saves the world.
　　
　　〃〃Chen Youcai ＜: Uncle Ge, who was 69 years old, didn't do his job all day long and cheated everywhere. Do you want a face?
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: I work normally. I do Shenwang in my spare time. I write neurology and Ge Shenqi news records. Why do I leave my work all day? Interacting with Mingyue, joking, how did you cheat? 
　　
　　107. Xu Hanli: Yes, SOGO God network.
　　
　　〃Hua Er: good.
　　
　　〃〃A: don't trust him for long-term fraud.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: who did you cheat?
　　
　　〃〃Little Titan 80: Lao Ge, it is predicted that "Siyi retranslation", which is your own retranslation. It's the opposite, brother.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: nerve 14 (9) 10. Nerve has been translated into foreign languages and back translated into Chinese, which is largely different from the original vocabulary.
　　
　　Besides, which "Saint" book was translated by others? Like you?
　　
　　〃〃Li Yonghong, eternal Son: if you don't repent, you will be gone by then! I hope you repent, then we can hope to meet!
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: I am the truth. What do you repent of?
　　
　　〃〃Little Titan 80: angry again, isn't it? Calm down, calm down.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: no anger, Taisheng.
　　
　　〃〃Little Titan 80: whether my career can succeed or not is in these twoorthree years. But anyway, after I die, there will be books to put my head behind my head.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: OK, 2025, don't you update it?
　　
　　〃〃Little Titan 80: update? What do you mean by that?
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: you always have new ideas when you live. Don't want to live forever?
　　
　　Ge Shen's head pad nerve, foot pad Ge Shen strange smell record:)
　　
　　〃〃Little Titan 80: immortality is impossible. Under the way of heaven, everything has its beginning and end. I've been here, I've been there, I've tried, it's good!
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: nerve VII 48. Scientific and technological progress, human cloning, mental chip replication, human immortality. Eternal life is the only value of mankind.
　　
　　〃〃Little Titan 80: speaking of Lao Ge, I admire you very much. It turns out that you are the only one left to insist on the "top ten crape myrtle saints". It seems that you can persist until 2033, so I have to give you a compliment.
　　
　　I can't. If I don't succeed in these twoorthree years, I'll think about "there's no master here, there's a place for him". It's also good to learn from Jiang Ziya to travel around the world.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: one heart, two preparations. Prophecy also delays you (if you don't succeed), such as marriage.
　　
　　
　　
　　108. Moximon: Ge Tian, you are the way of heaven
　　
　　I killed yuan Tiandao myself, and now you are God
　　
　　You are the king of all mankind
　　
　　You are in charge of the whole earth
　　
　　My task is finished
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 11:43:33
　　
　　Morning
　　
　　M saint
　　
　　twenty million three hundred and thirty-one thousand one hundred and twenty-six
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 11:44:02
　　
　　You are God, who dares not to listen to you
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 11:44:32
　　
　　Every day, no one listens to the blessing
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 11:44:38
　　
　　Call them on
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 11:45:46
　　
　　Have a rich woman Ge Hua
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 11:46:20
　　
　　Call on those who don't fear you
　　
　　Let them all be punished by your heaven
　　
　　The original way of heaven was slaughtered by me
　　
　　Since then, there is no one on earth who can compete with the way of heaven
　　
　　I believe in Ge Tian, Jesus and the Lord
　　
　　Finally, the entire kaniachia supercluster is under your jurisdiction
　　
　　You are the biggest tyrant in the history of all mankind
　　
　　My king
　　
　　[Ge Hei] moximon (95406615) 12:07:07
　　
　　Ge Yimin
　　
　　Have a rich woman Ge Hua
　　
　　@Ge Yimin uses your power and authority
　　
　　Now you have surpassed Jehovah, because God is bigger than Jehovah
　　
　　God is my family, and Ge Tian is my parents.
　　
　　〃Little Titan 80: it's still Lao Ge. One side of the red flag doesn't fall, and the other side is ready to float. I don't know your brother's body can't stand it.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: normal working life, beyond dreams.
　　
　　〃Little Titan 80: Lao Ge, you belong to the kind that is more open-minded in the bar. You have a dream to pursue, but you don't delay your usual life. At best, you are smart, at worst, you are a chicken thief. I really admire you. You deserve to be a graduate of Nanjing University. I admire you.
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: you can't let being holy affect your life. What if you're not holy?
　　
　　〃Little Titan 80: Lao Ge, at present, we are the old people of the holy bar, huh?? Of course, you became a saint before 2012, and you are one of the "top ten saints". I didn't start to become a saint until the end of 2012 (or the beginning of 2013, I can't remember exactly), but it has been postponed to today, and I'm also an old man in Bali. Old, old, blink of an eye, ten years have passed! How many decades does life have.
　　
　　〃〃Sky guide kimono: I think you'd better remarry, don't wait three years.
　　
　　
　　
　　109. Seeking knowledge of history and discipline in bad customs
　　
　　At the end of 2014, the folk Sciences and emerging religions (such as Baidu jiese bar, Ge Yimin, Zhang Xingang, etc.) that have similarities with netzhe gradually attracted the attention of vulgar people. The societies that had nothing to do with the evil customs originally targeted at the folk Sciences and emerging religions have also gradually become vulgar, and the evil customs of folk Sciences and emerging religions have basically taken shape.
　　
　　In June, 2018, Yang Fan appointed sun Xiaochuan, during which GE Yimin's agent intervened, creating the outbreak of the war of the Three Kingdoms. Some dog fans began to vulgarize, that is, the so-called "lust, evil and common prosperity".
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 15:55:51
　　
　　Who is Ge Yimin's agent? I didn't know about the war of the Three Kingdoms.
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Baobao (1187501973) 16:15:00
　　
　　Ge Shen doesn't need an agent
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 16:15:35
　　
　　You don't know. It seems to be true.
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 16:16:19
　　
　　I don't remember that
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 16:26:30
　　
　　Maybe TV kitchen, bllh them, or xiaoteng, or fake Ge Hua.
　　
　　[Ge Yimin] Ge Paul (1187501973) 16:28:03
　　
　　Anyway, we are closed
　　
　　[group leader] Ge Yimin (50914333) 16:36:45
　　
　　Sage prophecy has delayed too many people, I estimate thousands, "All Saints" insist that they are the only saints, do not work, do not get married. Then again, they are all psychotic, and they don't have much ability to work and marry. Just lie flat and wait for the emperor to marry Liu Yifei, day after day, year after year......
　　
　　
　　
　　110、Mi Bai Yi: the so-called Ge Shen is capable of this
　　
　　Like birds of a feather flock together. Do normal people need to be identified with psychosis?
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: which normal person agrees with you?
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ Gsrmd2y: you Birdy * * * * are still spreading scriptures.
　　
　　〃Sky guide kimono: nerves are canon.
　　
　　〃〃Post bar users_ 71g1b2b: do you have a well connected bar friend? It is well known to all.
　　
　　〃Dragon devouring demon Jiao: this man also dares to be holy. This man has not made any contribution to the world. Let alone being holy, he is not even qualified to be a sage.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: search Ge Shen.
　　
　　He is the author of "nerves" and "Ge Shen Yi Wen Lu".
　　
　　〃Brother: who is Ge Yiming?
　　
　　〃〃Mi Bai Yi: because the books could not be sold, they did not attract public attention and did not reach the charges of spreading cults, so they did not start.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: so now Amazon sells to white and black people.
　　
　　
　　
　　Lyu: do you want to wash dishes at home and go to the supermarket by bike to serve the people?
　　
　　Which country is the most active in poverty alleviation in the world, and which government has greatly improved the people's living standards in the past few decades?
　　
　　A government has so many shooting cases every year. You call it serving the people. It can't even protect the right to life. What else? The politicians of the Western ansa group are just puppets in front of the stage, and those in power behind the scenes are the plutocrats. Therefore, politicians can be pointed at by the nose. This is what you call "beautiful" capitalism.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: why can't we wash the dishes at the national level and dare not go to the street alone by bike?
　　
　　Nerve acknowledges China's great economic achievements.
　　
　　However, Comrade Li Keqiang said that the monthly income of 600 million people in China is only 1000 yuan.
　　
　　There are shooting cases in the United States, but China allows people to try with guns?
　　
　　Why did the Chinese immigrate to the United States while the Americans did not immigrate to China?
　　
　　〃〃I haven't gone far: I'll just look at it as a novel. I'm not creative. There are myths in Fei Lu's novels. Goodbye.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Divine religion and Ge Yimin doctrine.
　　
　　〃〃The third part of Chunling: brother Zhuan has decided that in diaosi's counterattack on the Internet novel "the dream life of Li Ergou, the son-in-law of Kunpeng", the gold finger of the routine is: Li Ergou was chased and beaten by people, fell off a cliff, was stuck by a tree branch, entered a cave, and got the "nerve" written by the monk Gao Ge Yiming, who has been dead for many years and has been turned into a corpse. From then on, the money beauty ran with his ass... how about?
　　
　　〃Uranium refiner: I've read GE's book for a few times and find it absurd.
　　
　　
　　
　　Demon spirit 13:6, GE has become a God,,,
　　
　　〃Qian fenjuan: 20191001, Ge Huahao:)
　　
　　〃〃I haven't gone far: Oh, I remember. Is the landlord from Jiangyin? I met a person who said that he was mentally ill and had something to do with GE. I really met him. I don't want to praise him.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: the post is written by GE Hei.
　　
　　〃〃Uranium refiner: it seems to be the chapters about the construction of comfort stations.
　　
　　Many women are puzzled by the ancient times because Ge Nan advocated the establishment of open comfort centers.
　　
　　I think these women have all been beaten up by the Ge nerve.
　　
　　〃Years elder brother Huang GUI yiyuzhi: to be honest. Brother years, I haven't seen much.
　　
　　〃〃I have never gone far: I really want to know if I will eat ashes when I mix with GE. Many people have been cut off in Myanmar.
　　
　　GE's company has a market value of several trillion yuan.
　　
　　〃Naturally, Liang Xun wants to achieve this: are you guys GE's parents and family?
　　
　　
　　
　　Kevin: I want to join your Shinto
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Ge Hua 47 [Lin Sangui, male, born in 1969, Hebi, Henan]
　　
　　Gehua 48 [your location]
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Just name it
　　
　　Kevin:
　　
　　How should I fill it out
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Name, sex, year of birth, province
　　
　　Kevin:
　　
　　Xu Kaifeng, male, 1980, Yangzhou, Jiangsu
　　
　　Kevin:
　　
　　Do you have a certificate for me
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　OK, thank you
　　
　　Ge Hua 48 [Xu Kaifeng, male, 1980, Yangzhou, Jiangsu]
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　No proof, loose
　　
　　Kevin:
　　
　　Am I the 48th person now?
　　
　　Kevin:
　　
　　Number 48 in my row?
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Nerve 26 (3), Gehua global assembly No
　　
　　Shenjiao No.1
　　
　　Anyone in the world who wishes to enter the Gehua book, please send an email to sejeme@163.com
　　
　　Please write the title: Gehua book
　　
　　Please write your name, gender, year of birth and region.
　　
　　Ge Yimin will arrange Ge Hua booklet according to the order of receiving mail.
　　
　　Ge Hua 1 C Ge Hua 144000 (small group)
　　
　　Ge Hua another book Ge Hua 144001 C Ge Hua * * (another sheep)
　　
　　Ge Hua and another book: all people other than the original book and another book are automatically included in another book, and they are nameless and have no share and no Memorial:)
　　
　　Appendix: Gehua book
　　
　　Ge Hua a [Ge Yimin, male, born in 1969, Zhenjiang, Jiangsu]
　　
　　Ge Hua K [your location]
　　
　　Ge Hua Q [your location]
　　
　　Ge Hua j [Ge Baobao, male, born in 1991, Anhui]
　　
　　Gehua 10 [your location]
　　
　　Gehua 9 [your location]
　　
　　Gehua 8 [your location]
　　
　　Gehua 7 [your location]
　　
　　Gehua 6 [your location]
　　
　　Gehua 5 [your location]
　　
　　Gehua 4 [your location]
　　
　　Gehua 3 [your location]
　　
　　Gehua 2 [your location]
　　
　　(Gehua 1 C 13, only for the most predestined Gehua)
　　
　　Ge Hua 14 [Louisa Gao, female, born in 1967, Pennsylvania, USA]
　　
　　Ge Hua 15 [Yichen fan, male, born in 1994, Zhenjiang, Jiangsu]
　　
　　Ge Hua 16 [Ma Xiaoli, female, born in 1982, Zhenjiang, Jiangsu]
　　
　　Ge Hua 17 [Quan Zhen Dao Yi Lingzi, male, born in 1971, Xi'an]
　　
　　Ge Hua 18 [behind the promise, female, born in 1990, Sanya, Hainan]
　　
　　Ge Hua 19 [Lan Lan, female, born in 1988, Hunan]
　　
　　Ge Hua 20 [plastic, female, born in 1981, Zhenjiang, Jiangsu]
　　
　　Ge Hua 21 [ye Xue, female, born in 1985, Beijing]
　　
　　Ge Hua 22 [Fei Jialing, female, born in 1970, USA]
　　
　　Ge Hua 23 [Guo Hongmei, female, born in 1983, Zhenjiang, Jiangsu]
　　
　　Ge Hua 24 [Margaret Stephenson, female, born in 1962, Manchester, UK]
　　
　　Ge Hua 25 [laughing at life, female, born in 1985, Taiwan]
　　
　　Ge Hua 26 [Qi Mei, female, born in 1972, Huai'an, Jiangsu]
　　
　　Ge Hua 27 [malaji, male, born in 1990, Jiaozuo, Henan]
　　
　　Ge Hua 28 [Lin, female, born in 1970, Hengshui, Hebei]
　　
　　Ge Hua 29 [Chun Zi dish dance, female, born in 1986, Wenzhou, Zhejiang]
　　
　　Ge Hua 30 [Li Min, female, born in 1972, Wuhan]
　　
　　Gehua 31 [blue φ Faith, female, born in 1991, Chongqing]
　　
　　Gehua 32 [__ Jian ≧, male, born in 1992, China]
　　
　　Ge Hua 33 [night butterfly, female, born in 1989, Chengdu]
　　
　　Ge Hua 34 [Sanyu Xingchen, male, born in 1994, Guiyang]
　　
　　Ge Hua 35 [mud feet, male, born in 1969, Jiangsu]
　　
　　Ge Hua 36 [Zhang Tianzhi, male, born in 1978, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia] (Chairman of the Shinto Malaysia)
　　
　　Ge Hua 37 [dream butterfly dance, female, born in 1989, Baoshan, Yunnan]
　　
　　Ge Hua 38 [Cambrian maple, female, born in 1992, Xuzhou, Jiangsu]
　　
　　Ge Hua 39 [Midian, male, born in 1982, USA]
　　
　　Ge Hua 40 [Lin Xiang, female, born in 1985, Xiamen, Fujian]
　　
　　Ge Hua 41 [Jiang Xiujuan, female, born in 1969, Nanjing]
　　
　　Ge Hua 42 [Xuanxuan, female, born in 1982, Fuzhou]
　　
　　Ge Hua 43 [Feng Lingxiao, male, born in 1994, Xinjiang]
　　
　　Ge Hua 44 [x, female, born in 1990, Shijiazhuang]
　　
　　Ge Hua 45 [Li Qingmu, male, born in 2000, Shaanxi]
　　
　　Ge Hua 46 [Xiu Tingting, female, born in 1994, Shandong]
　　
　　Ge Hua 47 [Lin Sangui, male, born in 1969, Hebi, Henan]
　　
　　Ge Hua 48 [Xu Kaifeng, male, born in 1980, Yangzhou, Jiangsu]
　　
　　Gehua 49 [your location]
　　
　　´´´´´´´´´´´´´´´
　　
　　Kevin:
　　
　　What can I do for you?
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　No, we're just an online evangelist.
　　
　　Kevin:
　　
　　Do you have any information about Internet evangelization
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Divine net http://www.gegod.com
　　
　　
　　
　　TMD: you are so good at everything!
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: ha ha, administrator, I'm a Chinese who is free of air restrictions in foreign countries. Chinese people love it for free.
　　
　　〃〃TMD: you are the first to succeed every time
　　
　　〃163: TMD, you don't know who they are, master.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Yimin: free air is good for me. Every free air is a propaganda base.
　　
　　Several unlimited free, can only upload videos within 10m (only Tiktok short videos). My dog dad's paid space can transmit more than 1G (YY live broadcast).
　　
　　〃Paul Ge 22:24:38, July 28, 2022 (Thursday)
　　
　　Are there any sacrifices in our Shinto?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 22:25:30, July 28, 2022 (Thursday)
　　
　　No, my thoughts and beliefs
　　
　　Paul Gerrard 22:26:04, July 28, 2022 (Thursday)
　　
　　No worship?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 22:26:32, July 28, 2022 (Thursday)
　　
　　No,
　　
　　Paul Ge 22:29:00, July 28, 2022 (Thursday)
　　
　　No ceremony?
　　
　　Ge Yimin 22:29:46, July 28, 2022 (Thursday)
　　
　　No,
　　
　　Ge Yimin 22:29:56, July 28, 2022 (Thursday)
　　
　　Propaganda ideas
　　
　　Paul Ge 22:30:59, July 28, 2022 (Thursday)
　　
　　Should invent
　　
　　Ge Yimin 22:31:29, July 28, 2022 (Thursday)
　　
　　Not now
　　
　　
　　
　　115. Zenai of rabbit: what is Ge min? ｝
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: a contracted writer of Hong Kong four seasons publishing house. He is the author of "nerves" and "Ge Shen Yi Wen Lu".
　　
　　〃〃Fauddin: what's this God Ge here for?
　　
　　They are all meaningless content.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: Recently, it was commented by netizens. It is very meaningful. It is the history of an era!
　　
　　My official website: Shenwang http://www.gegod.com
　　
　　〃〃Chen Yiqing
　　
　　Hello
　　
　　You sent
　　
　　Hello, this is Zhenjiang, Jiangsu, China.
　　
　　Chen
　　
　　Huh?
　　
　　Are you in Jiangsu
　　
　　You sent
　　
　　Yes, Zhenjiang, Jiangsu
　　
　　Chen
　　
　　Do you need to work
　　
　　It seems that Facebook is rarely used in China
　　
　　You sent
　　
　　Many people use VPN, I am posting
　　
　　Chen Yiqing
　　
　　What posts should be posted on Facebook
　　
　　You sent
　　
　　Distribute them everywhere and publicize their ideas
　　
　　Chen
　　
　　I can't understand your post
　　
　　Maybe the culture is low
　　
　　You sent
　　
　　Hello, thank you! These are the comments of the transferred netizens. My official website http://www.gegod.com
　　
　　
　　
　　116. Silly thphd: isn't there many women in this God Ge?
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: Ge Shen and his women
　　
　　ha-ha
　　
　　〃〃Silly thphd: free mating is good.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: famous 66 points:)
　　
　　The goal of human evolution is to complete human nature. Only when individuals get absolute freedom can human nature be fully realized.
　　
　　〃〃Stupid thphd: God Ge and his women
　　
　　I'm so jealous. Rich people on dog day.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: I'm a dime, love love:)
　　
　　〃〃Kskdiw: God, how do I know you!
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: Hello, Shenwang http://www.gegod.com
　　
　　〃〃TMD: worship
　　
　　〃Jason: you have so many stations, and you need to update more than ten stations one by one to send an article?
　　
　　〃〃Ge Yimin: Hello, yes. Copy and paste it. It will be finished soon.
　　
　　In the past, I wrote a post and sent it to more than a dozen domestic forums, each with 3 sections.
　　
　　Now, one post is sent to dozens of blogs on the Internet. Every day.
　　
　　Nerve 1 million words, circular hair, theoretically countless posts:)
　　
　　
　　
　　117. Mr. Zhai, green orange short dress: can't you publish with money? How many copies have you sold?
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: there are more than 100 e-books.
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai, green orange short dress: e-book... Let's just sell it. The book itself is a record and dissemination. Once you have selfish interests, it will not be the same.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: what is selfish? Selling is for people to see, and geshen is free to download.
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai's surname is Zhai, and the green orange short clothes: it's impossible to sell them without downloading.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: some people can't contact Shenwang, but they can contact Amazon e-books.
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai's surname is Zhai, and he has a green orange short dress: things are usually both upper and lower. There is only admiration under them. Admiration is ignorance, guilt and terror.
　　
　　〃Prophecy of dampness: Ge and everyone.
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai's surname is Zhai, and he is a green orange. There are more than 7 billion people in all walks of life in this world. Some of them have never even touched modern civilization through slash and burn farming. Don't be too full of words. There is no innovation in Hong Kong, and the vulgarization is relatively low. It is understandable that the folk culture is heavy.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Yimin is two levels higher than God and three levels higher than human beings.
　　
　　〃God: "Ge Yimin created the creator, the creator created God, and God created mankind."
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai's surname is Zhai, and Qingju's short dress is like a cult.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: there is no organization, so it is not a cult.
　　
　　
　　
　　118. Mr. Zhai, green orange short dress: it's not pleasant to say that you have been in contact with his things for so long
　　
　　Haven't you found that he never raised his life, values, world outlook, and knowledge of everything, and that there are not many students who surpass basic education proves that he can't.
　　
　　To put it mildly, Confucius, Wang Yangming, Lao Tzu and other ideological saints are their followers. They are all influenced by the progress in ideology and knowledge, and they are even better than most people in a country. This is the pattern of sages and sages. All of them are princes and generals.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: I believe that God GE has eternal life.
　　
　　I have fought a good battle with God Ge, and the crown of glory has been reserved for me.
　　
　　〃〃3 / 3: I can't find the post number of Ge Shen.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: I am Ge Shen.
　　
　　〃〃Summer rain 518: I saw from your world wide blog that you have a rich resume and are a very successful man. I hope we can become friends and learn what I lack from your experience.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: Hello, I have the official website http://www.gegod.com
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai, green orange short dress: you don't even understand immortality correctly.
　　
　　〃Qian Fen Juan: This is a book about immortality of nerves.
　　
　　He is a sage.
　　
　　119. Summon the first UFO man: Governing the country requires a high IQ of 260 degrees.
　　
　　The average person has an IQ of 80.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Shen 361 degrees:)
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai, green orange short dress: just a small foam sand in the historical river is not counted, and the traces of human death disappear.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Hua 20331126 will be king forever.
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai, green orange short dress: are you a robot, or a small one.
　　
　　Seeing this, you don't know whether you will feel sad and regret when your dying people suddenly wake up.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: because of my nerves, Ge Hua knows that I have eternal life.
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai's surname is Zhai, and he is a green orange short dress. The real immortality has been used by the state for a long time. Although he has no money, the country has covered the food, clothing and living expenses, and they are all special cigarettes and alcohol. In that round, you were unknown. It seemed that the country was so big that no one was proficient in these things. Those professors of Chinese Studies in the country were not masters of Yi learning, but they were not taught by others.
　　
　　〃Qian Fen Juan: before Ge Shen, who was immortal?
　　
　　〃〃Silly thphd: Li Zhi sings well, < people don't need freedom > >
　　
　　Or is it freedom without happiness, or happiness without freedom?
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: I want both.
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai's surname is Zhai, and Qingju's short dress: still nervous. If you really had these studies, you would have been famous. Do you have your papers in Nobel and science journals or HowNet?
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: nerves are the words of God.
　　
　　There are papers on HowNet: Ge Yimin's paper "contemporary Christian communism - Ge Yimin's nerves" collection platform
　　
　　Journal of young writers, April 11, 2015
　　
　　1. Collected by China HowNet
　　
　　http://www.cnki.com.cn/Article/CJFDTotal-QNWJ201511133.htm
　　
　　
　　
　　120. The surname of Mr. Zhai is green orange, and the short dress: to put it bluntly, it's still mysticism. There is an egg for it.
　　
　　What is the amount of reading and downloading? Are there any major works cited? College students can write HowNet papers.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Book of faith, religious classics.
　　
　　This paper can be downloaded from HowNet.
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai's surname is green orange and short clothes: so there is no immortality as you think. We often say that immortality is a sacrifice. People will sacrifice for generations and generations and will not be forgotten. That's why the ancients pursued the qualification of establishing a sect by conferring the status of marquis and worshipping the three public. Let's not say whether the temple culture can be maintained. Do you think the surname ge you mentioned is qualified to establish a sect.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Shen has opened a sect: Shenjiao.
　　
　　Nerve 7 50. The soul is immortal without evidence. The body is immortal, but the evidence is available. Science is approaching immortality. Immortality pursued by the divine religion refers to the present world. There is no proof of what happened after death.
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai, green orange short dress: this kind of theology reminds me of the Philippine doctorate in theology bought by a dozen people in Hunan.
　　
　　It's also a pioneering school. According to what you said, it reflects the idea that an intellectual is in a state of unease and enters the Savior. He wrote, directed, and acted a farce. When it comes to nerves, there is no medical clinical expression. If he is really valuable in medicine, he won't play theology to deceive people. An intellectual under materialism goes to theology at an old age.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: there are classics in Shenjiao, that is, nerves (currently one million words).
　　
　　Ge Shen is called God and has a vision:
　　
　　Nerve 1 6. In the autumn of 2001, Ge Yimin was sleeping in his big bed at his home in Zhenjiang. In a strange dream, God said, "I am God. You should listen to him." He woke up immediately and felt magical about "referring to ge Yimin". At that time, his wife and children were at home. Ge Yimin was anointed as a God.
　　
　　Nerves, the word of God, have nothing to do with the medical nervous system.
　　
　　
　　
　　121. Mr. Zhai, green orange short dress: your nerves are not medical nerves
　　
　　I'm really nervous.
　　
　　Is it rare to dream? Other people don't take strange things seriously. I really don't know what kind of family can let all the family accompany him to do this nonsense. Is there only one person working at home?
　　
　　Nerve sounds like nerve. It's more or less conscience.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: the classics of God.
　　
　　Dreams and visions, a Book of neurological visions.
　　
　　All three members of the family are working.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Hua: don't look at me short. I'm suckling while I'm RB:)
　　
　　Can you find the dividing line between the thigh and the buttock of a beautiful woman?
　　
　　〃Know the user?: Please name the proponents of the following theories:
　　
　　Philosophy is dead
　　
　　I'm not fat, but I have a big skeleton
　　
　　3. Brain upgrading person,,,
　　
　　4. I'll kill three of you after I get up
　　
　　He is God, you should listen to him
　　
　　6. Contemporary Marx breaks the situation for the theory of socialism with Chinese characteristics
　　
　　7. The Y chromosome is sacred, so women are not human. Men who believe in the Y chromosome divinity can protect them from being women in the next life
　　
　　〃〃Test: 1. Strongart, 2. LAN Zhi, 3. Solo 13, 4. Wolf herder Yun Jie, 5. Ge Yimin, 6. Chi Fei, 7. Luan Caixu
　　
　　〃Giovanni Samuele: I'm ashamed to know only one person and one person.
　　
　　122. Fool thphd: Ge Shen is two levels higher than God
　　
　　But it is three levels lower than the Communist Party...
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: The two policemen can handle it.
　　
　　twenty million three hundred and thirty-one thousand one hundred and twenty-six
　　
　　〃〃Timeytfd: Ge you have been summoned recently? In addition, although the two official websites have been rectified, will the remaining websites be rectified? The savior, Ge Christ, has always been that you and several Ge Hua claim that they haven't yet seen the scene of seeking human welfare with their divine nature, and even believe that I will live forever. Almost all the miracles in the nerves are empty promises, which haven't been realized. All the miracles in the nerves are almost the same as the distorted image formed by the excessive respect for Jesus in the Bible, but Jesus Christ has become one of the three major religions in the world after a long time. I think it is roughly because Ge Sheng is not in time, What is the difference between Christ and Jesus Christ?
　　
　　〃Qian Fenjuan: This is a conversation. Just these two main domain name cultures. My day hasn't come yet, 20331126
　　
　　〃〃Go away: Ge Min? Why don't you say that all posts are Hongte.
　　
　　〃Cosmic firmament: the brain is nervous, holy shit? Don't you know that this is a false character created by the devil Black Buddha.
　　
　　〃〃Ningbo Yuan Chengzhi: You say both good and bad things about him.
　　
　　You praise him and belittle him.
　　
　　〃Predication Dashi: I am Ge Hei.
　　
　　〃〃Uranium Refining Warlock: Ge Nerve.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Shen's nerves.
　　
　　
　　
　　123. timeytfd
　　
　　God reminded prophet Ge through dreams, and then prophet Ge recorded God's words in his nerves, but it seems that this is the end of it. At least in 2019, it is the same thing to be a god. Ge said, but after that, there was no real act that could show God. I really can't understand Ge's wisdom.
　　
　　However, the dream I had on that day of that year was a little like the expression of eager performance, but I still have to say that only God Ge was nervous.
　　
　　〃Qian Fenjuan: Hello, boundless. This time, the police officer said that they adored me. Isn't that strange? He also added me to WeChat, whose name is "childhood fat". I was actually familiar with the name, as if I had seen it in a dream not long ago.
　　
　　It seems that everything I have is doomed, and it is interpreted day by day...
　　
　　And BLLH came out, managed in 5 groups, and added a lot of robots.
　　
　　〃〃Timeytfd: This post only sees that almost all Ge Hua numbers owned by one person are having a good time answering questions and answers...
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Ha ha, the vast world is full of Xu Jinglei.
　　
　　
　　
　　124. Shenwang Message Book
　　
　　Why does Shenwang have 18x ads? I have seen some Christian related Google ads before.
　　
　　[Reply from the webmaster] Hello, you are boundless. There are no 18 banned advertisements on Shenwang. Some advertisements are beauty pictures. Of course, I can't click them myself (webmaster clicking is illegal, advertising is paid per click), because I only put Google ads, and Google will not put 18 banned content. Because Shenwang has Christian related content, there are also many Christian advertisements. Google matches the content of the website.
　　
　　〃Did Ge Shen play video games?
　　
　　[Reply from the webmaster] No, I didn't play online in 2001. I wrote a book on the official website and came back to publicize it. There was not enough time.
　　
　　〃〃Hello, Ge Shen, I'm Yang Fan, the lost lamb. My net name is called "Alone Man 13". I want to play with you. Your sect is very elegant,,,
　　
　　[Reply from the webmaster] Chuanghe, hello, welcome. There was no one but God Ge.
　　
　　〃Was Ge Shen a liberal arts student or a science student?
　　
　　[Reply from the webmaster] Hello, liberal arts student, graduated from the Chinese Department of Nanjing University in July 1990.
　　
　　〃〃Are all the chatter of God Group gone?
　　
　　[Reply from the webmaster] The four groups of the old QQ number that were closed are in. A new QQ group 695836804 Ge Yimin's Different Stories
　　
　　〃Is Group 5 still there,,,
　　
　　[Reply from the webmaster] Yes, the old QQ number of 3952795 Jianqun has been blocked and cannot be disbanded. BLLH came to manage, but I returned.
　　
　　
　　
　　125. Xiangbao: save the world.
　　
　　〃The prophecy of Dashi: Ge is right, Shen Wang is nervous. How can you help?
　　
　　〃〃Xiangbao: How can purple save?
　　
　　〃Qian Fenjuan: Publicize ideas.
　　
　　〃〃Xiangbao: How to promote it?
　　
　　〃Qian Fenjuan: There should be a platform.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Shenwang Nerve.
　　
　　〃〃Little Titan 80: He wants you to help him to achieve his own brilliant career. But I don't even know about the famous God Ge. It seems that he is a new child who has fallen into this pit.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Did he send someone to Beijing for two days to help him promote and raise his brand?
　　
　　〃〃Xiangbao: Send the letter to Garcia.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Who is Garcia?
　　
　　〃〃Xiangbaobao: An unknown ordinary professor, a top scholar in a narrow field.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Just send an email.
　　
　　〃〃Goniceaccount: has god ge ever been in a mental hospital?
　　
　　〃Prediction of Dashi: many times, remember - Ge Shenyi's report on flying over the insane asylum (December 1990 C today)
　　
　　
　　
　　126. Sky guidance kimono: Ge Shen in the coffin
　　
　　Head Cushion Nerve, Foot Cushion:
　　
　　〃Post Bar Users_ GbZe8Ka: Who?
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Ge Yimin
　　
　　〃Timeytfd: The creator in the coffin, the head cushion, the foot cushion
　　
　　The knowledge of the founder teacher can be seen to be a little higher than that of Ge, but some of Ge's articles are interesting and he has ink in his stomach.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Is learning better than Ge? Aunt Liu is learned.
　　
　　Your language is unique.
　　
　　〃Timeytfd: I'm flattered. I still have a big gap with those scholars.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: You are already a scholar, an expert in network philosophy.
　　
　　〃Timeytfd: For practical reasons, I can't often visit your post bar den, but I will occasionally take a look at it during holidays.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Work first.
　　
　　〃Timeytfd: I think it's time for the theology to usher in a great change, to cater to the times and make a breakthrough, just as Christian Freedom reinterpretes the doctrine and revises the Christian church. In addition, please share my comments about Ge in the post bar. I feel it is very sensitive to talk about religion in the post bar.
　　
　　〃〃Sky guidance kimono: several major Christian websites have been closed (Jonah's home, Wilderness Call, China Holy Net, jidujiao.com, etc.), and Shenwang has temporarily become a cultural and literary site. But nerves are on the Internet!
　　
　　〃Timeytfd: The habit of screen brushing in the post bar lasts for years, and can't be changed for a long time, so as to attract popularity. Although early Christians really have a thick skin to preach, they spread the gospel everywhere in the society, which created the initial scale of early Christianity. Does Ge have this treatment? This is the consequence of not preaching in the real world. After all, most believers are active in real life and rarely on the Internet. I feel sorry to see it.
　　
　　〃〃Sky guidance and obedience: Christianity is suppressed in reality, not to mention theology. Fortunately, there is the Internet, or the Internet is prepared for theology.
　　
　　
　　
　　127. Xu Xiangguo: Did Liu Yifei not take the initiative to talk to you?
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Only Ge Hua and Liu Yifei.
　　
　　〃〃Timeytfd: chuang now reads some books and publishes historical and cultural things every day. Although they are casual comments with only a little knowledge, by contrast, Ge doesn't really know what he has learned without writing something. Auntie, she is a bit knowledgeable, but she has anti cloud power. Her funny remarks are no less than yours. She feels more like a teacher of creativity after she came to power.
　　
　　〃Qian Fenjuan: Ge has four political commentaries recently. The police said they were sharp, but now it's time for culture and literature. Shenwang can transform culture and literature, and several Christian websites are closed directly.
　　
　　〃〃Timeytfd: why should we suppress christian websites? It is understandable not to encourage the promotion of religion. Don't Christian websites claim to be "peach blossom stone" oriented? Patriotization?
　　
　　〃Qian Fenjuan: There are many believers based on the United States Emperor. They compete with our party for followers.
　　
　　
　　
　　128. Little Qiao Yuan: Liu Yifei, make a donation quickly from God Ge, or I will cut your head off!
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: @ Liu Yifei
　　
　　boss.
　　
　　〃〃Qiao Yuan: Do you agree with the idea of communism?
　　
　　God Ge has wasted all his efforts?
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Qiao Mei, the first step - all the poor people should live better.
　　
　　〃〃Qiao Yuan: Then what?
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Everyone is equal, each does his best, and distributes according to needs (the needs that society can provide).
　　
　　If everything is equal, there is no dispute.
　　
　　〃〃Qiao Yuan: I'm very clever. I can do more!
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Turning to culture and literature temporarily, several Christian websites have been closed.
　　
　　You can talk about love again.
　　
　　〃〃Gonicean account: if no person like the landlord mentioned this person diligently, i'm afraid everyone has forgotten that there was a Ge Laopi dog in the bar.
　　
　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: Posting bars and even the intranet forums are useless. Ge is on the internet.
　　
　　
　　
　　129. Xuanxuan's Astrologer: Ge Pangzi plays a trumpet every day to build his own momentum
　　
　　So that you can be a god?
　　
　　Why are you so childish when you are decades old.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Nerve, Ge Shenyi's News.
　　
　　〃〃Ningbo Yuan Chengzhi: Can my sister live forever?
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: 20331126 All people live forever.
　　
　　Your sister can live forever.
　　
　　〃〃Ningbo Yuan Chengzhi: Can my two uncles and my little aunt live forever.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Yes.
　　
　　〃〃Ningbo Yuan Chengzhi: When will my mother come back to life? Please tell me the exact time?
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: 20331126
　　
　　〃〃Ningbo Yuan Chengzhi: I want to know the truth. It won't be this day. It may also be a very important day. Please tell me the truth?
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: The truth is this big day. Welcome this day.
　　
　　〃〃? Fire virtue?: Who is Beneficial People? Changzhou Jiang?
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Yimin, Zhenjiang.
　　
　　〃〃D999999999: Zisheng cultural investment circle has become popular this year.
　　
　　〃Qian Fenjuan: Ge Culture.
　　
　　〃〃D999999999: Don't you need to punch money?
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: No.
　　
　　
　　
　　130. Uranium Refining Warlock: What can a cult thing carry
　　
　　Ge neuropathy harms the world, which is the back cause and effect.
　　
　　〃Qian Fenjuan: Are you not afraid of the influence on your family?
　　
　　〃〃Alalei: Don't talk about God Ge.
　　
　　〃Qian Fenjuan: Lei Sheng, mention is propaganda.
　　
　　〃〃Alalei: OK, I understand.
　　
　　〃Step on the long river of time and space: This way, if a mortal creates a god for himself, he will destroy three families.
　　
　　〃〃Yuxuan's astrologer: From him up to the 18th generation, all those who are related to him have been destroyed.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Why are beautiful women so cruel?
　　
　　〃〃Foot in the long river of time and space: Yi three generations!
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Is blasphemy not afraid of cause and effect?
　　
　　〃〃Timeytfd: Ge I wish you a happy Mid Autumn Festival.
　　
　　〃Sky Guide Kimono: Happy Mid Autumn Festival!
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Happy Mid Autumn Festival!
　　
　　〃〃Timeytfd: Although I know that these two numbers are the same person, I will take them with kindness! Ge, happy Mid Autumn Festival~
　　
　　〃Sky guidance kimono: 20331126 Happy!
　　
　　〃〃Ziweixing: All the people who call themselves gods are mzms
　　
　　〃Qian Fenjuan: Ge IS GOD
　　
　　〃〃Uranium Refining Warlock: You neuroses really take Ge fart seriously.
　　
　　〃Qian Fenjuan: People should be in awe.
　　
　　〃〃Step on the Long River of Time and Space: Afraid? Lingxiao Hall has been my enemy. So now it's very sad.
　　
　　God, I've scolded, I'm afraid?
　　
　　You are a fake. Why don't you dare scold?
　　
　　〃Qian Fenjuan: Are you not afraid of the influence on your family?
　　
　　〃〃Step on the Long River of Time and Space: What else can this product do? What else can we do besides the whole person?
　　
　　If you want to be generous, you will only punish others. This is why I look down upon them and don't want to intersect with them.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Reply to the post and you will be punished?
　　
　　〃〃Xiao Bai Wuming: Make up for the deficiency while losing more?
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Yes, everything is even.
　　
　　〃〃Timeytfd: does ge still remember what he taught as a child? For example, I want to ask you what is the law of energy conversion.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Matter will not perish, energy will not decrease, and kinetic energy will transform into potential energy.
　　
　　〃〃Uranium Refining Warlock: Ge Nerve said that he was one level higher than the Creator. He was really in awe.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: The fact is enough to make you fear God Ge.
　　
　　
　　
　　131. Your circle of friends is all related to theology, so don't delete it?
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Boundless Hello
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　I found that my second number in station B was blocked. I carefully looked at the deleted information. It's all about you
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Station B can't talk about Ge anymore
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　Always
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　It's just that my second number only refers to your last name and photo. It's not like the first number to call your real name casually
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　It's all right to post it. It's been a long time since we sealed the number of Ge Hua.
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Being watched manually
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　It seems that the post bar has relaxed its attitude towards Ge recently, but station B has become increasingly strict
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Yexue, Station B, has been basically deleted.
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　Although it was banned, it didn't send news for a long time, and I didn't feel it
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　Now I only chat and comment on the Internet, not post updates
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　You can build the number again without sending Ge
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　I have a new number in station b, try it tomorrow
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　Ge Youwei Group
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　good
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Only a few people
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　I mean the groups that only harm you, such as crape myrtle saints and webmasters, similar to QQ groups, not loving each other and families
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　I'm just asking. After all, I don't play QQ
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　One, several people, one student, the Great Harmony of the World
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　OK
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　You can understand that Tencent has not closed your WeChat account, but I looked at your friends' circle and found that they are all related to the divine religion. Don't delete them? I guess it's because the circle of friends is only visible to you and your friends, so you don't care
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　It's all right. I'm squinting. It's all this
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　Do you have a Mid Autumn holiday
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　I did
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Take 2 days off
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　Normal weekend vacation time
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　The original two public accounts are also allowed by Tengxun. The police gave up
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　I take a day off alone
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　When you are on vacation, you usually have nothing to do but run Shenwang and post bar surfing, right?
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Yes, it has been 20 years since March 2001. Dancing before
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　Do you still remember the word "Internet worm"? This is the adjective of the Internet for people who depend on the Internet in the 1990s
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　Why don't you hang out and hang out?
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Not enough Internet time
　　
　　132. Xu Xiangguo: Yes! At present, the achievements of Saint Bar are also the highest
　　
　　There is a giant "nerve".
　　
　　〃Uranium Refining Warlock: Only the retarded believe Ge's neurotic words.
　　
　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: It's difficult not to believe in death.
　　
　　〃Xu Xiangguo: It's a nerve. I didn't understand anything. Lao Ge at least had nerves. There were so many people who couldn't catch up with normal people and came to show off their low energy.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: This is a stick. "You don't believe in nerves and you don't want to die. We are very embarrassed.".
　　
　　Nerves speak a million words.
　　
　　〃Xu Xiangguo: Will you die?
　　
　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: No, 20331126 will live forever.
　　
　　〃Uranium warlock: Only neuroses believe it.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: American scientists believe.
　　
　　〃Uranium Refining Warlock: It is not normal for American scientists to study neuropathy.
　　
　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: American scientists believe in nerves.
　　
　　〃Xu Xiangguo: Ge Dashi, you must be nervous!
　　
　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: Search Ge Yimin. com.
　　
　　〃Uranium Warlock: They're just studying neurotics.
　　
　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: American scientists believe in Ge Shen.
　　
　　〃Ugl1 β 0d1: What kind of poem is this?
　　
　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: A hymn.
　　
　　〃Post Bar Users_ 76XbN2X: Crazy. The worst is beginning to happen.
　　
　　〃〃Qianfenjuan: GE IS GOD
　　
　　
　　
　　133 Anastasius: Which side does Ge support in the Russian Ukrainian conflict
　　
　　Or remain neutral and can give reasons
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Of course, we support Uzbekistan and oppose aggression.
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　Even when Russia made some progress in its initial war against Ukraine, at that time, the domestic news agencies uniformly publicized "blitzkrieg" and "quick access" to Kiev, and most of the Internet users affected by it supported Russia. At this time, you were still alone, not disturbed by it, and always supported Ukraine against aggression and resistance?
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Yes, after World War II, aggression was unpopular, and there was also the international community.
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　The Russian side claimed that NATO was expanding eastward, and there was a Nazi organization in Ukraine, so this campaign was purely for self-protection, and there was de Nazization. What do you think.
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　If Russia wants to join NATO, others don't want it. Because of Russia's aggressive gene, small countries want to join. Wu "Nabuzzi" has nothing to do with Russia. Russia aims to form a sphere of influence in Wudong.
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　Ge knows a lot
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Russia aims to occupy more land
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　Russia still wants to take back Alaska. As a matter of fact, the land was sold during the Tsarist Russia period, and now it has started to turn over the past 200 years. Does Ge think that this is just a way of treating him? After all, the United States has been imposing sanctions on Russia since the war began
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Russia can't take it back. The United States is three floors higher than it.
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　I would like to know the details.
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　I am Datong, a family in the world, regardless of the country, the same world.
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　The US is three levels stronger than Russia.
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　It sounds familiar. The original version is that you are three levels higher than human beings
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Yeah
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　Seen from the comments of many netizens in the video, it seems that the United States is in danger. Do you think that is the case
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　America's absolute strength, military, dollar, science and technology, still lead for many years
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　How to evaluate the Observer Network and its fans
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　One sidedly, no country can compete, neither Russia nor China.
　　
　　
　　
　　134. Qiao Yuan: Who in the world has a beautiful mind like Ge God?
　　
　　He is a wolf, rushing in the front alone. All the people were blocking him, and he could not see the future direction.
　　
　　Only a voice kept ringing in his heart:
　　
　　I am just for the people, everything is for the people!
　　
　　My doctrine!
　　
　　My dream!
　　
　　〃Brother Jiang He: Mm-hmm. Ge Shen advocates the idea of communism.. The starting point is good.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Material equality and world harmony.
　　
　　〃D999999999: You believe it, but I don't.
　　
　　What kind of prophet Ge took two steps to show me.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Search Ge Shen.com.
　　
　　〃D999999999: Oh, I'm not interested in him.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Then you let God take two steps?
　　
　　〃D999999999: There is no God at this moment.
　　
　　〃〃Qianfenjuan: GE IS GOD
　　
　　〃Anonymous 1103: Yes, it has the flavor of history.
　　
　　〃〃Ge Yimin: Thank you, middle school work.
　　
　　〃Anastasius:
　　
　　Ge, does Russia have a skinhead party, the Nazis?
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　There has always been, folk
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Is against foreigners
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　Is it a Nazi organization
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　to be puzzled
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Yes, not much
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Germany, too, has little influence
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　The Nazis could not become the climate, which was not allowed in Europe and America.
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Freedom of speech in Europe and America, prohibition of Nazi speech.
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　How to evaluate Putin? Is it a man from heaven who saves Russia or a dictator who leads Russia to destruction
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Dictators, Russia is not strong
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　I think the situation in the Russian Ukrainian conflict has changed recently. The Ukrainian army has recovered lost territory step by step. The Russian army is in a weak position. Try to predict the next situation. Some people are waiting for the arrival of winter. At that time, the situation may change even more
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Russia failed
　　
　　Anastasius:
　　
　　doomed?
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Yes, we cannot win quickly. First, there is no NATO. First, there are changes in Russia.
　　
　　
　　
　　135. Little Qiao: Liu Yifei, I asked you to donate to God Ge. Did you do it?
　　
　　Why don't you listen to me? God Ge is not easy!
　　
　　〃Ming: What is a five six child? True or false Xiao Qiao.
　　
　　〃〃Qiao Yuan: Elder sister, Liu Yifei, I seem to have called you elder sister long ago!
　　
　　Donate to God Ge, he is miserable!
　　
　　You should be for communism!
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Qiao Mei is still interesting@ Liu Yifei
　　
　　〃〃Qiao: He is a god!
　　
　　This is his glorious years!
　　
　　capable of evoking praises and tears!
　　
　　He planted a seed in our hearts, called communism!
　　
　　Years will wash away the lead and let this seed germinate!
　　
　　Maybe we can't change the history, we can only plant many beautiful seeds in people's hearts!
　　
　　Ge succeeded. He is a god and a saint!
　　
　　〃Prediction of Dashi: Ge Hua Qiao Mei, 20331126
　　
　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: Sister Qiao said that Ge Shen is always unique.
　　
　　〃Little Qiao Yuan: Where did Ge Shen go? Why didn't he come out?
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Am I?
　　
　　〃White Rainbow Penetrates Cangming: It's Ge Shen who holds nerves.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Nerves abuse immortals.
　　
　　〃Jicai Xiao Qiao : It seems that there is no enemy in front!
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: The enemy is too strong and I am too weak.
　　
　　
　　
　　136. Skillful Little Qiao : Wait to collect the money. I can only help you here.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: You are helping me form a post.
　　
　　〃〃Ningbo Yuan Chengzhi: How to Build Yourself?
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Seriously work and live, and read more.
　　
　　〃〃Zhenjiang 5111: The landlord is very talented.
　　
　　? Money? But modern people take it too seriously, so everyone is under great pressure.
　　
　　? I just worked in the 1990s. At that time, people didn't take it so seriously.
　　
　　〃Ge Hua: The police station has no right to let Teng Xun check his real name.
　　
　　Last time, I was cheated by a liar for 1000 yuan. I broke into a platform. The police station called the platform and used my mobile phone, but they didn't identify me as a policeman.
　　
　　Those who want to issue a letter do not know whether they are afraid of trouble or not.
　　
　　Of course, the thieves you see are caught, but they can't be caught by a hundred times, and the victims admit that they are unlucky.
　　
　　There are also homicide cases that must be solved. You think most homicide cases are solved. I tell you that most homicide cases cannot be solved. Do you believe it?
　　
　　
　　
　　137 Qian Fenjuan: Ge Shen is God himself.
　　
　　〃Little Qiao: God Ge's love is stupid. No woman really entered his heart, including his wife.
　　
　　〃〃The moon in the sea is the moon in the sky: who will like him?
　　
　　〃Qiao Yuan: Miaoyin likes him.
　　
　　〃〃The moon in the sea is the moon in the sky: isn't Miaoyin Liu Yifei's star in the sky?
　　
　　How can he be his wife without going to his heart?
　　
　　〃Little Qiao Yuan: Liu Yifei is an immortal actress. She is the Nuwa nurtured by the immortal actress.
　　
　　Ge doesn't like his wife. They just live together.
　　
　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: Sister Qiao, please circle some wonderful sounds for me.
　　
　　〃Little Qiao : I haven't seen her for a long time. I don't know which vest it is.
　　
　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: I've heard from you all the time. Last time I circled and checked, there was no information.
　　
　　〃The moon in the sea is the moon in the sky: God Ge is called God, so he can love others
　　
　　If you love for the return of the other party, it is not a trade, and capitalist love is not desirable
　　
　　The external demand is the tail. You can see from me. My example is very vivid. It's just coming out.
　　
　　What's good about God Ge? It's also a love triangle. If I were God Ge, I would choose one to be sorry for the other. This is such a special thing. Choose a fart and choose a concubine Nia. He believes in communism. Monogamous women liberate gkdgkd.
　　
　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: Sister Qiao really knows me. It seems that I have never really been in love.
　　
　　You two big boys both give the impression of girls. Sister Qiao always thinks of herself as a girl. The picture of Yue Sheng is too like a girl.
　　
　　〃The moon in the sea is the moon in the sky: ah, how can you tell? They believe I'm a man.
　　
　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: Is the Moon Saint a saint? How can there be Xiaoxue?
　　
　　
　　
　　138. Little Qiao: There are only three men reliable in the holy bar!
　　
　　Lazy Taoist, Taoist Quan, and God Ge, they are capital people!
　　
　　〃〃D999999999: This kind of self directing and self acting is more hypocritical than calling myself a saint.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Comments from netizens.
　　
　　〃〃The prophecy of Dashi: We kudzu flowers are respected and honored together.
　　
　　〃D999999999.
　　
　　〃〃The sky guides kimono: Ge is the creator god.
　　
　　〃D999999999: Poof, hahaha.
　　
　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: It's difficult not to believe in death.
　　
　　〃D999999999: Are you possessed?
　　
　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: Ge Hua, so I'm here!
　　
　　〃D999999999: Pay attention to the 19th floor of the oral hell. There is no chance to continue.
　　
　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: You don't believe in nerves and you don't want to die. We are very embarrassed.
　　
　　
　　
　　139. Spring Mausoleum III: It's Spring, a generation of sleepwalkers teaching pigs Ge Yiming
　　
　　He was 81 years old. My head is full of forty-nine photos of stars. My foot pedals Nerve, my left hand holds a brush, and my right hand holds My Life. Strange Stories of Ge Er Dogs
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: 20331126 God Ge has lived forever.
　　
　　〃〃Uncle Ziwei: I often see your and your sisters' posts these days, whether they are revealing or promoting. Sometimes I can't understand them. I can see from this post that you are exposing "God Ge". Suggestion: If someone or something is exposed, organize it in the form of argument, argument, conclusion, or conclusion, argument, and argument to avoid ambiguity.
　　
　　Excuse me, who is "God Ge"? I want to meet him. Yesterday, I met a troublemaker, probably a horse boy of "God Ge", because you called him "Ge Hua" in one of his posts.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Search Ge Shen.com.
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai's family name is Qingju Short Clothes: Is it well-known? Where is it? It's not just your number that says it every day.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Shenwainet.com is popular.
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai's family name is Qingju Short Clothes: Net red is a derogatory term.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Shen is a famous person on the Internet.
　　
　　
　　
　　140. Nanyan is back: show your courage to work together! The Heavenly Book has been completed.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Hello South America, Tianshu refers to nerves, or other books?
　　
　　〃〃The Taoist priest said: Ge Yimin was arrested. Why didn't anyone call on him to save him. The whole believer said that he was persecuted by religion and then immigrated to the United States.
　　
　　〃Mr. Zhai's family name is Qingju Short Clothes: Every day, I am a famous person. I don't even know about it. I still use the internet. I don't know about princes and villagers. I can really talk about anything and use it indiscriminately.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: You already know Ge Shen.
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai's surname is Qingju Short Clothes: I'm sorry I didn't remember his name. I think he is a patient in your small mouth.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: It's called Ge Shen. You've all interacted with each other.
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai, Qingju Short Clothes: So what's his name? It's because I'm posting in the bar. Who is serious now? Have fun.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: We are Ge Huafu.
　　
　　
　　
　　141 Anastasius: How does Ge evaluate Jesus
　　
　　You seem to have rated him as a loser.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: Jesus is my mentor and my second younger brother. GYM, Ge Yimin, Jesus and Marx completely changed the world
　　
　　I wrote an article "Jesus Christ is a big sling", referring to his life, relying on women to help. Like Jesus, Sisi and I are poor.
　　
　　But Christianity has changed the world. Modern democratic politics, free economy, science and technology, culture and even art all come from Christian civilization.
　　
　　The third brother Sisi also changed the world.
　　
　　My religious religion, Ge Yimin Doctrine, will come from behind, inherit and carry forward, and completely change the world. Everyone is equal and material is equal.
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai, Green Orange Short Clothes: To be honest, his cult is not as influential as the White Lotus Cult, which worships saints as Maitreya Buddha.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Which White Lotus Sect is now?
　　
　　〃〃D999999999: All religions are lies.
　　
　　〃Qian Fenjuan: The divine religion is not.
　　
　　〃〃Ningbo Yuan Chengzhi: How many people are there in Tianting?
　　
　　〃Qian Fenjuan: 144000.
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai's surname is Qingju Short Clothes: There are many sects derived from White Lotus Cult.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Name?
　　
　　〃〃Void Zero War: Ge Nerve publicized the cult and so many people believed it.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: There is no organization, so it is not a cult.
　　
　　Anastasius: Is Christianity the messenger of peace?
　　
　　This article points out that some parts of Christianity, such as the cruel missionary behavior of American colonists, helped the tyrant to do evil. It is unknown whether Jesus has ever really existed in history. Some miracles in the Bible cannot be trusted completely. The false is greater than the true
　　
　　In addition, we know that a large number of netizens who are full of opinions on Christianity, some say that Jesus is a liar, some say that the Bible is a pile of waste paper, and some even call for staying away from Christianity. In reality, there are also some radical missionaries. It can only be said that Christianity is both good and bad. In fact, like other religions, Buddhism also affects Chinese values.
　　
　　Ge Yimin's Doctrine is hard to reach the sky if it wants to spread all over the world. Why does it have influence?
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　The fact is that Christianity has brought civilization to the whole world, such as the Americas, which was previously uncivilized regions, as well as Africa, Australia, and even Asia. For example, in China, there was no difference between the Qing Dynasty and the Qin Dynasty. Modern politics, economy, science and technology, culture, and even art, sports and games all came from the West.
　　
　　If Jesus does not exist, how did the New Testament Bible come from? And what about the motivation of the early generation Christians to preach the gospel (even death rather than conversion)?
　　
　　The biblical miracle can be explored, while the neural miracle has only a vision.
　　
　　Full Confucians and Taoists, of course, disapprove of Christianity, because it is foreign, and we should uphold the Chinese tradition.
　　
　　Christians have a mission to preach the gospel (the great mission left by Jesus, to preach the gospel to the ends of the earth), so there are some radical missionaries.
　　
　　Buddhism only believes in the level of the so-called cultivation. Modern democratic politics, free economy and modern science and technology cannot be produced.
　　
　　When Jesus died, his disciples were few and had little influence. He was just a small heretical sect of Judaism. When he died, all his disciples ran away, and Peter denied the Lord three times.
　　
　　After the death and resurrection of Jesus, his disciples were confirmed, and Paul made them great and spread them to the Gentiles. Three hundred years after his death, Jesus was established as a state religion by the Roman Empire and spread throughout Europe and the world.
　　
　　Ge Yimin is in his prime, and the Internet has provided me with a better tool for evangelizing.
　　
　　
　　
　　143 Anastasius: The Middle Ages of European Civilization Is Christian Theology
　　
　　People are not allowed to have access to reading materials other than those approved by Christianity. After the split between Catholicism and Orthodox Church, the former has become increasingly serious. Until the Renaissance, people began to oppose feudal Catholicism and some inhuman policies of Catholicism, thus catalyzing the emergence of Protestantism. Even the culture of ancient Greece and Rome was very bright. At that time, it was polytheism. Christianity was not born. However, the rallying point of the Renaissance was to restore the greatness of ancient Greece and Rome.
　　
　　Whether Jesus exists or not, I think it exists, but there is controversy in the academic circle. As for the biblical miracles, different people have different opinions. This is the main conflict between people with faith and people without faith. After all, Jesus saved people, the blind recovered their eyesight, and they were raised three days after their death. If this is really impossible according to science, it is incredible.
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Europe and the United States believe in Christian civilization, believe in Jesus Christ, swear by the Bible, not Greek and Roman mythology.
　　
　　The Middle Ages were not dark. The Renaissance is the progress of others.
　　
　　I believe that Jesus exists, miracles are needed to write and evangelize.
　　
　　I believe that there is God (Creator), but it is not necessarily the Lord, Jesus, or Allah.
　　
　　Nerve 12:75 My God's name is God, that is, "I am God, and you should listen to him (Ge Yimin)." The one of.
　　
　　
　　
　　144. Anastasius: Well, I've learned it, but how does Ge view it
　　
　　Protestantism brutally persecuted progressive thinkers, and Christians from Spain destroyed American civilization, and burned precious cultural relics. And a series of wars and man-made disasters caused by the Crusade.
　　
　　I said that in the Middle Ages, it mainly refers to the imprisonment of Christian thought, which has nothing to do with darkness. There are some highlights in the Middle Ages, and Byzantine culture is good. As for the Renaissance's call on ancient Greece and Rome, it was just a pretext. It did not restore polytheism. The knowledge of ancient Greece and Rome was also reused and taught in the Middle Ages and the Renaissance.
　　
　　As for whether there is a god in the world, idealism is there, and materialism is not, the question of different opinions is so simple.
　　
　　Ge Yimin:
　　
　　Of course, there is no perfect person or organization except God's perfection. Of course, it is a sin for Christianity (including Catholicism, Orthodoxy and Protestantism) to persecute progressive thinkers cruelly. While spreading the gospel (civilization), they also did many evil things. They are all human beings (sinners, in the Christian context, everyone is a sinner).
　　
　　As an example, you are more interested in competing for interests. Of course, the Crusades also promoted cultural exchanges.
　　
　　Nerve 21. 5 Because Christianity believes that God created the world, there must be reasons and laws for his creation
　　
　　To find this law is modern science. If everyone has a father (God) and is brothers, there will be equality and democracy.
　　
　　This is his democratic science gene.
　　
　　No other civilization.
　　
　　Now, thanks to the Internet, almost everyone in the world has been injected with the gene of democratic science and is on the same track, so the communist society will come soon.
　　
　　Everyone knows the truth. Only once the famous gunpowder fuse is accepted by mankind, the new heaven and new earth will explode.
　　
　　
　　
　　145 Anastasius: So your theology is based on Christianity
　　
　　Is it relatively more mature and perfect? More civilized? Your theology is not popular at all. It is very unpopular. Few netizens are willing to believe this nondescript thing. Jane Zhong is like this, not to mention foreign countries. Foreigners are even less popular.
　　
　　It seems that Christianity and communism are not your original works, and they are quoted from the theology of liberation. However, it is estimated that you are the only one who believes in God. During the Crusade, the young people seemed to have changed from fanatical religious sentiment to appreciation of Muslim wisdom and conduct, but they resented Byzantines instead. And this battle also gave Europeans the opportunity to know the eastern world for the first time, even though it was in the late Middle Ages.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: The theology is based on Christianity and communism, that is, contemporary Christian communism. I inherit and develop both.
　　
　　We can't be different now. Human beings are developing. I am always better than Jesus and Marx.
　　
　　The number of Shinto visitors is OK, such as World Wide Web, Blog News, Beikeqin Blog, Twitter 7, and 703 followers.
　　
　　I am a contemporary Christian communist, one of the top ten crape myrtle saints, and one of the top nine web philosophers.
　　
　　Communism originated from Christianity. It was originally Christian communism (Weitlin). It developed from the Communist Party of Space (Owen) to the Communist Party of Science (Marx). I am Ge Gong (God Gong). Liberation theology (South America) is only a few decades after the Communist Party of Malaysia.
　　
　　To tell the truth, every civilization has its advantages. In the past, it fought for benefits. Today, the conditions for reunification are ripe (Chapter 18: Social Production and the Internet Revolution). Look forward to 20331126 World Harmony.
　　
　　
　　
　　146. Anastasius: This concern requires the global acceptance of theological ideas
　　
　　It's too difficult. Although human beings are developing and making progress, some places are not even as good as before. The defects of human beings are waiting for future people to correct. One generation can only do things for one generation.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin:
　　
　　I have been looking forward to:
　　
　　1. God gave everyone a vision: "I am God, you should listen to him (Ge Yimin)."
　　
　　Or:
　　
　　2. I am the test of society.
　　
　　Technology has changed the world, such as electricity and the Internet.
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai, Qingju Short Clothes: I just want to tell you for a win or lose? I don't want others to believe you like you do.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: Just ask who is the modern White Lotus Cult? Win or lose what?
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai, Qingju Short Clothes: Why do you ask so many questions? Who doesn't know what the White Lotus Cult is about.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: I mean there is no White Lotus Sect.
　　
　　
　　
　　147. Mr. Zhai, Qingju Short Clothes: But in my mind
　　
　　It really has the inheritance of White Lotus Sect.
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: It just has no influence. There is no famous inheritor.
　　
　　〃〃Mr. Zhai's family name is Qingju Short Clothes: What kind of decent French education is not famous in the local area, and what you play is not comparable to others
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: But you said you would not appear in the leader of the White Lotus Sect.
　　
　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: @ Ge 1min, are you born in the cold on the resurrection day of Jesus on Sunday@ Saint, Jeme?? Smile at you 〔
　　
　　Ge Jiajun, do you understand? Is there any self-knowledge? Evidence for generations? prove?
　　
　　If you were not born on this day, what creator would you pretend to be??
　　
　　Jesus will come again Sunday 〔 "," Do you understand?
　　
　　Three thousand years of the Christian Buddhist calendar of St. Jeremy, 1973. Born on Sunday, the 28th day of December, 1973, on a cold Sunday. In the Cold House of the Mencius Family. Birthday on the 28th day of December, 2007. "Beginning of Spring"
　　
　　〃Xu Hanli: According to the nerves, God Ge is two levels higher than Jesus.
　　
　　Saint Jeme is the net name of God Ge. In Chinese, Jeme only refers to God Ge.
　　
　　
　　
　　148. Late Night Symphony: I think Ge Yimin said the place of "slapping"
　　
　　It's a good idea to build as many toilets as possible. Why spray me.
　　
　　〃Purple Heart Lamp: That's the end of mankind.
　　
　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: The goal of human evolution is to complete human nature. Only when individuals are absolutely free can human nature be fully realized.
　　
　　〃Du Ji Du Ren: Don't pay attention to these things. Those who believe in them should be the dead ghost. They will end up in the end. If you have no evil thoughts, you will not be seduced by them.
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Ge Hua just wants to serve you!
　　
　　〃Duji Duren: How can a cult compare with her?
　　
　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Are saints women?
　　
　　〃Can I apply for political asylum?
　　
　　Home page of China Anti cult Website: Funny liar Ge Yimin
　　
　　twenty million one hundred and ninety thousand one hundred and twenty-seven
　　
　　〃〃WAGA: It should be OK.
　　
　　〃Anonymous 1110: Yes, take me with you. I'm a believer.
　　
　　〃〃Anonymous 1107: The evil middle class.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: Who is the middle class?
　　
　　〃〃Anonymous 1107: "Dad goes to the toilet
　　
　　Look at my B "
　　
　　Cows are as good as cows.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: A real term.
　　
　　〃〃Anonymous 1103: Yes, it has the flavor of history.
　　
　　〃Ge Yimin: Thank you, middle school work.
　　
　　　　149. Anonymous 1108: Legendary Life. Dogs produce more women.
　　　　
　　　　〃Ge Yimin: I am Mao Zhongzhong, the poor god, and I love.
　　　　
　　　　This is just the age of innocence (diary). Women are in: God Ge and his women (August 1990 C today)
　　　　
　　　　〃〃How to deal with oneself and others: Divinity?
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: Ge Shenjiao.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Zipzipnlq: You are a piece of garbage.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: You don't believe in nerves and you don't want to die. We are very embarrassed.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Zipzipnlq: It's my fault to believe in yourself and not die.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Believe in God Ge and you will live forever.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Zipzipnlq: The letter sand is faster than the death.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Repression.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Ge Yimin: 20331126
　　　　
　　　　〃Anonymous 1108: What is this? Date of death?
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Ge Yimin: The Great Harmony Day.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　150. Post bar users_ GNNAbJE: Ge's so-called nerve, let alone several countries
　　　　
　　　　It is false even if one hundred countries are listed 〔 Understand? Undoubtedly 〔 No self-knowledge 〔
　　　　
　　　　This is the plum blossom (Oriental Classic), 〔 7328 〔 Ge pretends to be a plum blossom 〔
　　　　
　　　　Do you understand? This is the real Saint Jeremy 〔 Xu Dongmei.
　　　　
　　　　〃The sky guides kimono: So you are the plum blossom in the Oriental Classic. Saint Jeme is the net name of God Ge. In Chinese, Jeme only refers to God Ge from God Ge.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: Do you think anyone can pretend to be a saint?? Do you understand?
　　　　
　　　　〃The sky guides kimono: Only God Ge, only nerves.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE
　　　　
　　　　Without self-knowledge, IQ is a problem 〔 Still pretending? Is God's hand in the sky? Was he born on Sunday? Still nerve? Are you crazy? Delusions 〔
　　　　
　　　　〃The sky guides kimono: where did you get the name "Saint Jeme"? Saint Jeme is the net name of God Ge. When you search, you only refer to God Ge.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE
　　　　
　　　　If you were not born on this day, what creator would you pretend to be??
　　　　
　　　　〃Sky guidance kimono: Ge Shen went online in 2001, which was called Saint Jeme. He posted a bar circle for you to see. In 2004, he registered just after posting a bar@ San Jeme
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: Why are you so stupid? Everything is divine 〔 There is an arrangement in the words 〔 Use your name to pave the road corresponding to the Plum Blossom Tower 〔 Understand? What Baidu does not? Still stubborn? Poor IQ.
　　　　
　　　　〃Sky guidance kimono: Saint Jeme (Ge Shen) has paved the way for himself for 21 years, thank you!
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: Too stupid 〔 How can you pretend to be a crape myrtle sage with such low IQ? The name you chose is to prove 〔 for the real crape myrtle sage plum blossom, understand? Crape myrtle sage is ∇ word is true, not everyone can pretend 〔 understand? Are you still stubborn? You're missing a gold thread in your brain, okay? What are you pretending to be?
　　　　
　　　　〃Sky guidance kimono: Yemei (noun origin):
　　　　
　　　　The translation of foreign names and place names includes Shi Yunyemei, Yemeniggen University, etc. The Chinese name Yemei starts from St. Yemei, and the Chinese online Yemei refers to St. Yemei and Yemei.
　　　　
　　　　Holy: Holy: Yahweh, Jesus Mei: the last letter of the Greek OMEGA Omega.
　　　　
　　　　The last messenger of God.
　　　　
　　　　Jesus: "I am Omega."
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　151. Holy Fire Mantra: Do foreign language books make you a novelist?
　　　　
　　　　You are posting the wedding inspiration? If conditions are met, the transcript should also be publicized.
　　　　
　　　　〃Ningbo Yuan Chengzhi: Can my uncle live forever?
　　　　
　　　　When did chaos begin in China?
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: Your uncle can live forever. Not messy. 20331126 Datong.
　　　　
　　　　〃Abandon evil and follow God: Do not be tempted by the desire given by evil spirits, believe in God again and repent, so as to get God's last salvation in this last disaster!
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: Ge God, Ge God, Ge is God.
　　　　
　　　　〃Ningbo Yuan Chengzhi: My uncle can't live forever. I can't believe what you said.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: Everyone lives forever, 20331126
　　　　
　　　　〃Ningbo Yuan Chengzhi: Are you me? All people have eternal life. What about the conflicts of lust and the ugly ones?
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: In a world of great harmony, everyone is equal and loves each other.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　152. [Leading by Huang] Dongdong Years: In fact, Ge can really be deified!
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Why? Time, don't you hate him? His disciples reported you, and you cried.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: It's too unexpected for years to say that. At least years know Ge.
　　　　
　　　　〃Ningbo Yuan Chengzhi: Is the world of immortality vegetarian?
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: You can eat meat.
　　　　
　　　　〃Abandon evil from God: Will the real God say I am God? Truth knows no repentance.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: According to nerves, God was created by God Ge from generation to generation.
　　　　
　　　　〃Abandon evil from God: Only the kingdom of God is true.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: The Kingdom of God is the Kingdom of Ge God.
　　　　
　　　　〃Dashi: Divine Light.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Forty: where does light come from?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Fa.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Ningbo Yuan Chengzhi: Do people have animal and plant attributes?
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: No, only human nature.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　153. Ge Yimin: Closeness and estrangement: First there were uncles (children with the same surname, Tang)
　　　　
　　　　Later, there were aunts and uncles (aunts and uncles were not close and could not be numbered) (children had different surnames, which was a table).
　　　　
　　　　China is a patrilineal society: 1. Father's brother has two names (uncle and uncle), and the other one.
　　　　
　　　　2. The traditional uncle is closer to his father than his uncle, of course not now.
　　　　
　　　　Extraneous remarks: One mountain (father) and two rivers (mother) are brothers, and one river and two mountains are like other people.
　　　　
　　　　〃Revenge this son: Ge Xie? Let it wash its neck and wait!!!!
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Xu Hanli: What are your countermeasures?
　　　　
　　　　〃Limited life: God Ge is the god. He has returned.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Hello, yes, I'm back.
　　　　
　　　　〃Ziling Star: It's a cult.. Not a third rate religion.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Xu Hanli: No organization.
　　　　
　　　　〃Ningbo Yuan Chengzhi: Does Guanyin Bodhisattva exist?
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: It doesn't exist. If it exists, where is it?
　　　　
　　　　〃Princess KTV: How do saints manage kings? Do we rely on critical education? By persuasion?
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Predication of Dashi: relying on the Divine Net to teach the gods.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　154. Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: You are full of heresy 〔 nonsense 〔 no matter how many countries you are listed in
　　　　
　　　　How many believers are there? They are all heresies that confuse people and divine sense 〔 There is no difference between them 〔 Do you understand?
　　　　
　　　　Do you know where the source of suffering of all living beings is??? Let me laugh at you 〔 Full of self righteousness 〔 Inverted delusion without self-knowledge 〔
　　　　
　　　　Do you think saints save the world by thinking and imagining? Still nerve??? Neurosis bar 〔 delusion 〔 ignorance, fearlessness, lawlessness, and ignorance.
　　　　
　　　　One of the demons in the end of the law 〔 Ge 〔 Do you understand?
　　　　
　　　　Li is fake, and believers are all over the world 〔 Who do you think you are?? What about nerves? Are you God?? Are you nervous? How to prove that you are God??? Prove it??? It doesn't prove what god you are pretending to be?? Funny God?? Are you crazy??? God?? Let me laugh at you.
　　　　
　　　　〃Predication of Dashi: the root cause of all beings' suffering: the dominant is material dissatisfaction (inequality), and the recessive is self death.
　　　　
　　　　Ge Shenneng is abusing immortals and bringing immortality.
　　　　
　　　　1. Natural selection; 2. Social trials.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　155. Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: Founder of the New World??
　　　　
　　　　Aquarius born on the first day?? Open a new world?? Do you have self-knowledge?? Funny.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge 19690131
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: Is it the first day Aquarius was born? Crape myrtle sage is born on the first day of Aquarius 〔 Understand?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Why the first day? Only God Ge.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: Hahahahahahahaha, God's Choice? Who told you? It's not a destiny 〔 It's destiny 〔 Destiny 〔 ∇ It's a person 〔 Destiny 〔 Are you?? Tell me? Do you understand?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: God Ge created heaven.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: My obsession is the source of pain 〔 Understand?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: People who have no money to eat, what can I do to hold onto?
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE? Stubbornness does not transform into stubbornness.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: What do you know? Unrealistic, a million words nerve you write?
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: What is immortality? The essence is immortality 〔 The root of suffering 〔 Self clinging 〔 Because of self clinging, there is no escape from the six paths of life and death. The real suffering of all living beings is not the material dissatisfaction 〔 but the ignorance of Buddha. ∇ Suffering is the real suffering 〔 Life, old age, sickness and death are impermanent, suffering empty 〔 All living beings are the same suffering 〔 All are suffering 〔 All living beings are stupid and don't feel pain 〔 All of us are suffering 〔
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Who lives forever? Come out and post a post. Samsara, how to prove it?
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: Huange Nerve created the sky?? Created by a psychopath, right?? Ask God Ge who created it?? Can it make it clear???
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: God Ge has his own forever.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: Can't you read it? Crape myrtle sage is born on the first day of Aquarius 〔 Open a new world 〔 It is Maitreya Buddha 〔 Maitreya Buddha born in 1973 is also God 〔 Jesus born on Sunday 〔 East plum 〔 Plum blossom fragrance comes from bitter cold Birth on a cold day is not your birth in 69 〔 Do you understand? Who pretends to be a crape myrtle sage?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge created the crape myrtle sage.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: Ge Shen created???
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: God Ge said that if there is, there will be.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: Is Ge neuropathy still immortal? Does Plum Blossom suspect that Ge neuropathy is in this world? Did you invest in the next cycle?? If it is not reincarnated, please let it come out to prove that it is still alive forever? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: I'm Ge Shen.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: This should ask you 〔 Are you immortal? If you don't have immortality, what do you say? I tell you that there is no life or death but reincarnation 〔 Don't say there is no reincarnation, your existence is the best proof of reincarnation 〔 Only you are ignorant 〔 Blocked by greed, hatred, ignorance, ignorance, paranoia, delusion 〔 Can't see clearly that you are from reincarnation 〔 Say again that the essence is not alive and dead, the Buddha is not alive and dead 〔 Understand? What about immortality?
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: 20331126 Before God Ge lived forever, no one lived forever!!!
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　156. Jiang Xiaoyu in Yan'an: I suspect that those people with strange photos may have died
　　　　
　　　　For example, Gang Ren Ge, who had never seen it before, turned over several pictures last night, and suddenly felt very empty and quiet, sad and sad.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: How can you prove that you are Ge neuropathy? Prove 〔 If you can prove it, believe it. Are you 〔? Ha ha ha ha
　　　　
　　　　Dong Mei tells you that your so-called Ge neuropathy has been reincarnated early 〔 5. You are committed to the next reincarnation 〔 You are just a fan of the neuropathy cheated by it 〔 Hard crazy 〔
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: Search Ge Shen.com. Our interaction has been on the God Forum.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: The fire of the firefly dares to compete with the bright moon 〔 Ge neuropathy overestimates himself and does not know how lofty the earth is 〔
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: The bright moon, sky and earth are all created by God Ge.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: Li Moumou's "Devil Li's Heresy" and "Devil" (not right) heresy 〔 Do you understand? You are just like a devil with perverse theories and heresies 〔 confusing others and harming yourself 〔 ignorant and unconscious.
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: Nervous.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: Were you born on Sunday, the second day of Jesus Christ?? Dong Mei is 〔 Are you??
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Shen's birthday is the holy day on Friday, 19690131
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: Are you stupid 〔 Jesus Resurrection Day on Sunday 〔 Are you blind?? See you?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Jesus was created by God Ge from generation to generation. 
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　157. Ah Luen: Hi, Fairy Ge!
　　　　
　　　　Ge Yimin:
　　　　
　　　　Hello
　　　　
　　　　Ah Luen:
　　　　
　　　　What great works does Goddess Ge have recently that can be taught together?
　　　　
　　　　Ge Yimin:
　　　　
　　　　Your email, I send you.
　　　　
　　　　Ah Luen:
　　　　
　　　　306787385@qq.com
　　　　
　　　　Ge Yimin:
　　　　
　　　　Sent
　　　　
　　　　Ah Luen:
　　　　
　　　　Received
　　　　
　　　　Goddess Ge
　　　　
　　　　How are you recently?
　　　　
　　　　Ge Yimin:
　　　　
　　　　very good
　　　　
　　　　Ah Luen:
　　　　
　　　　Do you take medicine continuously?
　　　　
　　　　Ge Yimin:
　　　　
　　　　no need
　　　　
　　　　Ah Luen:
　　　　
　　　　Do they still call you crazy?
　　　　
　　　　Ge Yimin:
　　　　
　　　　false
　　　　
　　　　Ah Luen:
　　　　
　　　　During your stay in the Neurological Hospital, did the hospital keep a medical record?
　　　　
　　　　Ge Yimin:
　　　　
　　　　have
　　　　
　　　　Ah Luen:
　　　　
　　　　The medical records of the hospital They kept them in the hospital?
　　　　
　　　　God Ge? Do you need financial aid?
　　　　
　　　　Ge Shen, are your wife and children still with you now?
　　　　
　　　　Ge Yimin:
　　　　
　　　　Only rich people
　　　　
　　　　in harness
　　　　
　　　　For 20 years, only Zhu Huaibing received a subsidy of 20 yuan
　　　　
　　　　Ah Luen:
　　　　
　　　　If I am not rich, can I not contribute my merits?
　　　　
　　　　Ge Yimin:
　　　　
　　　　No need if you are not rich. No one supports you, just Xiaobing 20 yuan
　　　　
　　　　Ah Luen:
　　　　
　　　　Ge Shen, is Huaibing still in touch with you?
　　　　
　　　　Ge Yimin:
　　　　
　　　　WeChat, no contact
　　　　
　　　　Ah Luen:
　　　　
　　　　Oh oh, Zhu Huaibing is a good man. Does he still make Ge Hua?
　　　　
　　　　Ge Yimin:
　　　　
　　　　No contact. I have many WeChat friends and forgot her WeChat
　　　　
　　　　Nerves remember
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GNNAbJE: Sunday Sunday is Holy Day 〔 You were born on Friday and pretended to be Holy Day??
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: We are God disciples and believe in God Ge.
　　　　
　　　　God Ge was born on Friday, the golden day.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Menghualu: There are several factions in this kind of bar gangs.
　　　　
　　　　The second group is led by Ge Yimin, who lives in Zhenjiang, Jiangsu Province.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Shen and Ge Hua.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Taoist Xuanyuan Hanxu: Are you surprised that I can tell you why.
　　　　
　　　　I've exposed you for a long time. You just insult God by Ge and don't care about you.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Why do we insult God? Ge is God.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　158. Chen Sheng 0371: There is also Ge Xian around.
　　　　
　　　　He also plays with big six women. He doesn't deserve to carry a bag. He wants to shave it for a long time.
　　　　
　　　　There are also many pueraria flowers from Heilongjiang to Zhengzhou. Old Chen let out his words.
　　　　
　　　　Those who call purple can be blamed, and people and gods are indignant.
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: Is Ge Xian around you? How do you know they are Ge Hua? God Ge is a crape myrtle.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Ah Tzu: Little bar friend, the heaven is qi, that is, it has been tens of thousands of years. God Ge can't even explain it. God means luck, and space is also materialistic (materialistic=idealistic). Do you understand that this is what Laoshui returned to Beijing to explain.
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: First there are people, then there is heaven. Heaven is the universe.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Ah Tzu: Little bar friend, the universe is two regrets, that is, time and space, space-time: that is, the universe, and space-time is the feudal (Yun and Qi) that is jointly criticized. Do you understand? An expert leader who doesn't understand the ball. Give him legislation to make you a feudal superstition.
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: The universe is time and space, right. But where did time and space come from? The source is the creator.
　　　　
　　　　Mao Difu, Mao Tianting, there is only human life, eternal life, and the dead are waiting for resurrection.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃The second power of beauty: 66 items, unlimited desire, and evil ways!
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: The goal of human evolution is to complete human nature. Only when individuals are absolutely free can human nature be fully realized.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　159. Mr. Wang 2015 Really: What does EBAY Nerve mainly talk about.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: A book of thoughts and beliefs.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Forty: i'm a god. i have nerves. you don't believe in god. do you have nerves?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: God's Word.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Xu Xiangguo: Only those who are always young are true saints. The beautiful woman is nineteen years old, and the hundred year old is also a child. It really won't get old.
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: Who won't be old? Jesus also became old.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Xu Xiangguo: If you are old and dead and haven't become a saint, what will happen to you when you go to the underworld because of your arrogance?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Shen 20331126 will be king forever+
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Xu Xiangguo: You are a street mouse on earth. If you are king or not, you can only suffer in hell. What are you talking about at this age!
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: It's better than your liar. Dongdong, who is worth 5 yuan, pretends to be an antique and wants to sell it for 20000 yuan. OK:)
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Xu Xiangguo: The book is really from the Qing Dynasty. The photos should not be too big, so it is not clear. You say I am a liar, and a liar will often say that others are liars.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Do you want to sell 20000 books in the Qing Dynasty? Is anyone talking to you? Why did you delete your reply? Feeling guilty?
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　160. Ningbo Yuan Chengzhi: Is there a paradise?
　　　　
　　　　What do you mean there is no heaven? How many times have I witnessed flying saucers??, Where do UFOs come from?
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: Heaven exists, that is, the place where God is, not the court of the Jade Emperor of China, or the Supreme Lord or something.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Ningbo Yuan Chengzhi: So the Jade Emperor really exists?
　　　　
　　　　There is no Jesus in history. Is the story of Jesus' crucifixion a lie?
　　　　
　　　　Do UFOs come from heaven?
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: The Jade Emperor is just a legend.
　　　　
　　　　Where does the New Testament come from without Jesus? Why is Christianity so successful?
　　　　
　　　　UFOs are created by aliens and God, who is the creator and the source of the world.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Yuan Chengzhi, Ningbo: If the hell lord exists, the Jade Emperor even exists.
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: There is no evidence for the existence of Lord Yan.
　　　　
　　　　We say that God exists, one is the source of the universe, the other is based on the great vision of God Ge.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Yuan Chengzhi, Ningbo: The evidence is that the Immortal Warriors have been to the underworld.
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: There is no scientific basis for passing the yin and customs. If you believe, there will be.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　161. Walking in the Cloud999: I saw Ge Yiming on the World Wide Web today
　　　　
　　　　It has been spread abroad.
　　　　
　　　　It's really a wave.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: I have been abroad for a long time, and now it is mainly foreign.
　　　　
　　　　Preach the gospel to all people.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Manevil: if you are a god, do you know what my job is?
　　　　
　　　　〃Geyimin: I don't know. Now it is a sealed god, a limited god.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃3416363463: Hello, I'm interested in your thoughts.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　162. The Third Spring Tomb: The Beginning of a Nerve, and the Cultivation of God
　　　　
　　　　Introduce: Dabie mountain area, Ge Ergou of Gejia village is gifted and supernatural since childhood, and is very clever. However, his family is poor and over 20 years old. He still can't marry his wife. One day, when I went to the mountain to gather firewood, I suddenly encountered a rainstorm and went into the cave to shelter from the rain. I happened to get two books, "Baopuzi" and "Nerve", written by my ancestor Ge Hong... From then on, Ge Ergou began to fight back. Many famous female stars cried and knelt to ask for marriage. Ge Ergou changed his name to Ge Yiming and founded Ge Yimen. Defeat the world's invincible, and finally become a great god
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: It's Sanniang. I always think she is talented@ Li Sanniang Loves Xuanye
　　　　
　　　　Sanniang, I will teach you to check the original name, click ID to enter the data page, and then click the upper right to ban. It turns out that Sanniang has been here all the time.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Hermit: Who is purple?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Shen.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Four remaining bugs: Sister Xu Hanli, I thought you were gone.
　　　　
　　　　〃One Life 96: Is this the one who used to hold Cai Xukun?
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Four remaining bugs: I don't know what the stem is.
　　　　
　　　　〃A lifetime of death 96: You are right to gossip. It's a little old. God Ge has been hidden for a long time.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Four remaining bugs: Is the gossip you said news gossip?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: I am Ge Shen.
　　　　
　　　　Every day.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Three of the Spring Tombs: Sanlengzi's original number has been sealed. This is my Baidu account from Sanniang. She had completely forgotten about Tiba.
　　　　
　　　　Since the account name is "Li Sanniang loves Xuanye", Zeng Zhuang and Boring Zhuang named this number as Xiaobazhu. These guys who are heavy on sex and light on friends!
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: I still believe you are Sanniang. Other people don't have this talent, and they are familiar with God Ge.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　163. ℃ Spiegel ℃ Water Stopping ℃: Don't be a stick. The primary stage must pass.
　　　　
　　　　〃Prophecy Dashi: You are still here, Master Gong.
　　　　
　　　　What does Spiegel think is the intermediate stage?
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Ancient Moon Cold Plum Blossom Begins Spring: Since ancient times, no saint has become a saint by virtue of his education, but by virtue of his true knowledge 〔 Understand? Without self-knowledge.
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: True knowledge is Ge.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Ancient Moon Cold Plum Blossom Begins Spring: Do you have self-knowledge? Another day pretending to be God?
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: I am God.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃The ancient moon begins spring: The answer should be Sunday, the second day of Jesus Christ. Holy Day is true 〔 Where are you? Did he know he was born?
　　　　
　　　　〃Prediction of Great Humidity: Ge Hua Greets 20331126
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: Yunsheng, the World Wide Web, recommended by the homepage of the blog?
　　　　
　　　　〃Walk through the clouds 999: Yes, there are blogs and forums all over the world.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: Haha, the World Forum is a forum that you choose to go to when you blog.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　164. The Third Spring Tomb: How about writing Ge Yimin as a Confucian doctor in 1938?
　　　　
　　　　Nine female disciples, what are their names? Please take them!
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: OK, thank you! Yexue, plastic products, Ge Hua...
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Sky guidance kimono: Guo Hongmei, Mei Bangzi, Yemei.
　　　　
　　　　〃Spring Mausoleum No. 3: OK, if you want to have several female disciples, just get some names! However, in order to avoid the defendant's infringement of the right of name in the future, I will change it into a homophone!
　　　　
　　　　For example, it's nice to change "plastic products" to Ke Shuping!
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Xu Hanli: It's better to be a plastic product. The related people are familiar with it. They are all online names. Ma Xiaoli, Fei Jialing and Su Qi are nine.
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: Sanniang added, and Ge Hua became more popular with her words.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Xu Hanli: I have an account for tomatoes. Do I only send tomatoes?
　　　　
　　　　〃Kazyanski: It turns out that this man is the Fauyev people.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Yes.
　　　　
　　　　〃Good Luck Comes Naturally - Respect Heaven and Love People:
　　　　
　　　　For a few years, I've focused on the Holy Circle
　　　　
　　　　I've heard many positive and negative topics about Ge
　　　　
　　　　I can talk to real people today
　　　　
　　　　I wonder who Ge is
　　　　
　　　　Ge Yimin:
　　　　
　　　　Hello, Shenwang http://www.wjxw-lib.net
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　165、You are not Bianbaba: I am Ge Shen's fan brother.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Hua Qiansui.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃The prophecy of Dashi: We will not give up the divine religion. Most people in the world believe in God, and we also believe in God.
　　　　
　　　　〃℃ Spiegel ℃ Waterstop ℃: Although you are different, you are just so.
　　　　
　　　　Now I am not the same as before. There is no need to deny at the previous stage, but we can't stop here.
　　　　
　　　　It's too boring to go around in fame.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Prediction of Dashi: We are not changing ourselves, but changing the world.
　　　　
　　　　〃℃ Mirror ℃ Water Stopping ℃: The world and myself are changing all the time, not based on personal will. You can only cover up your vanity with infinite delay, and cannot solve the problem fundamentally.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Prediction of Dashi: Spiegel vocabulary is good. How can God Ge change the world so easily? Because the intranet is blocked, because Ge Shen's communism is different from the CPC. On the other hand, Zhang Xianzhong is anti communist and not popular. But I still write about nerve and fortune every day.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　166 、 asdrtv: Who is God, Universe
　　　　
　　　　It's hard to say, God bless... Amitabha
　　　　
　　　　〃Ge Yimin: So it is: not necessarily.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃You are not Bianbaba: I love God Ge
　　　　
　　　　〃Prediction of Dashi: Ge Hua will live a long time.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃[Tongmin Longevity Country] Led by Huang: Long live the nerves.
　　　　
　　　　〃The sky guides kimono: only nerves.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃[Tongmin Shitian Country] Led by Huang: Ge Ne. How are you doing now? Still preparing for nerves?
　　　　
　　　　Give me deep greetings for Huang!
　　　　
　　　　Please ask Lao Ge to leave the mountain and ask him to be the Gui Army Commander for the time being.
　　　　
　　　　I hope Ge Jun can get justice for the innocent baby.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: You are the commander of Gui's army, and Ge is Ge's army. Each of you should be his own!
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Painting Autumn Night: How idle you must be, soaking in the post bar every day
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: Happiness is work.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Han Mei turns upside down at the beginning of spring: Ge Du is killed by thunder 〔 You also spread his neuropathy 〔 Are you Ge Fen? Don't be silly 〔 You are confused by it 〔 It is dead 〔 Don't believe you let it come out? Prove that it is still alive?
　　　　
　　　　〔 You are confused by it 〔 It is dead 〔 Don't believe you let it come out? Prove that it is still alive? Are you Ge's son? So buy his life for him and pretend to be the creator. Do you want to sell his psycho books to cheat money? Fool and confuse people 〔 Delete
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: I'm Ge.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Gu Yue Ao Xue Hanmei: I'm Ge Hua's brother.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　167. Jintian: Funny brother, communism comes from the ancient Sun Demon Sect
　　　　
　　　　Communism is robbing people's property.
　　　　
　　　　〃Geod: Communism can be traced back to Plato's Republic, where the peasants' uprisings of all dynasties "all rich and poor are equal to noble and humble". The concept and system of communism originated from Christian theologians. The first is Weitlinji Communist Party, and the second is Owen Konggong Communist Party, followed by our three brothers SiSiKe Communist Party. Communism was not invented by SiSiSi, but also inherited from SiSi. Finally, there is Goddess Ge's theological communism - ShenGong.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Xu Xiangguo: Does God Ge have supernatural powers? Could you change some money and share it with us.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Shen is also short of money.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Psychiatric Nursing: Blessed by Pueraria.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Hua Qiansui.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Xu Xiangguo: Make a miracle and change a little.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Jesus also depends on women for help.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Psychiatric Nursing: Jumei.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: It used to be called Yiren Jumei.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Psychiatric nursing: Ge Huajumei.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: I can't remember Jumei's ID.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　168. It's hard to be chic: you have to create some stories and precepts
　　　　
　　　　It's better to have some tricks to bluff people, and then you can accept disciples. Maybe you will become another god thousands of years later.
　　　　
　　　　〃DL unlucky child: What is a nerve?
　　　　
　　　　I met the Prophet.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃God Ge Yimin: A new story has come out - Ge's strange news. There is no discipline, no organization. I really learned magic. It's useless.
　　　　
　　　　Nerve - God's Word, a book.
　　　　
　　　　〃Ge Hua and Xu Qian: Each creator expresses himself.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Whent567: Who is Ge if you don't understand? Where to know?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Yimin, Ge Shenwang. Double cross.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Domain: Goddess Ge bless you.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Bless you in 2023!!!
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　169 LovePeace: Ge Yimin can't even mention his name, can he.
　　　　
　　　　〃Ge Yimin: The name is a sensitive word in the post bar.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Domain: Only God Ge!
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Huaqian!
　　　　
　　　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: How many tunes do you still have?? Medicine? Still using it to attack the evil? Still preaching that family members are physical?? Inside, there is a group of people to protect, visit the west to support, and there is a scar to support the bite?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Long time no see, why not post it?
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Water plasterer: One nerve, this one should be circled.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: God's Word.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Are you still working hard?
　　　　
　　　　Are you still promoting legal criminals and legal crime books? Still saying that Zhenjiang Public Security approved you to do it?
　　　　
　　　　Or is there support from all groups behind the clamor? US support?
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: Why haven't you been here these months? ill?
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　170. XEQZGFRUMLK: How many Chinese people do your gang use lynching to get sick and maim?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Are you sick, disabled or dead?
　　　　
　　　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Is your gang still preaching crime to create damage?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: What crime? Destroy what?
　　　　
　　　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: How many shots are still hidden in your gang?
　　　　
　　　　You privately set the highest death penalty in the criminal law. How many Chinese people died from illness?
　　　　
　　　　Every crime can bring you to justice.
　　　　
　　　　Still clamoring and not afraid of the police?
　　　　
　　　　〃Sky Guide Kimono: Who did our gang kill? full name?
　　　　
　　　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Didn't your gang say you set the highest death penalty?
　　　　
　　　　Still clamoring, not afraid of the police?
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: The highest death penalty for blasphemy against God Ge is not generally followed.
　　　　
　　　　In actual operation, none of the cases has the highest execution.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Recognize the private criminal law?
　　　　
　　　　Don't beat yourself up? Who set it privately?
　　　　
　　　　Which law allows your gang to break the law like this?
　　　　
　　　　Your gang's private criminal law has violated the law.
　　　　
　　　　Hurry to voluntarily surrender.
　　　　
　　　　〃Predication of Dashi: The moral police of the country of Ge enforce the law according to nerves.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: You are breaking the law. Please turn yourself in.
　　　　
　　　　Who set up your gang's private criminal law?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: God set it.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　171、Book cover: Neurological review
　　　　
　　　　1 John 4:1: "Beloved, do not believe all the spirits, but test whether they come from God, for many false prophets have come out into the world."
　　　　
　　　　Mark 13:32 "In that day and hour, no one knew, neither did the angels in heaven, nor did the Son, but the Father alone."
　　　　
　　　　Moreover, God's plan includes making people become gods in their life temperament, but not in their divinity, which refers to the status of God. Of course, we can call ourselves God man, but we should not be worshipped, because Jesus is the one true God.
　　　　
　　　　The Bible says that no one knows that day, but the last false prophets will continue to prophesy.
　　　　
　　　　I didn't mean anything, but when Satan betrayed me, it was because of five things: "I want to ascend to heaven; I want to raise my throne... I want to sit on the mountain where the meeting takes place... I want to ascend to the clouds; I want to be equal to the Supreme."
　　　　
　　　　Believe that you also have one of the five things I want in your heart.
　　　　
　　　　Well, I know that such a debate is not conducive to the understanding of God, but at least I hope that those who read this article can know that this novel (?) is against the Bible.
　　　　
　　　　I know that the author also knows that he is a heresy in the mouth of Christians, but still insists that he is God, but
　　　　
　　　　First of all, I don't mean to attack or disrespect. I just want to say that this is the false prophet mentioned in the Bible, that is, heresy.
　　　　
　　　　That is to say, please read this article, do not reject Christians based on preconceptions, because you may not know true Christians.
　　　　
　　　　〃Ge Yimin: First of all, pay tribute to the true Christians.
　　　　
　　　　But today we want to pursue God and truth, so we cannot limit the Bible, because God has unlimited truth.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　172. Book cover: Neurological review 2
　　　　
　　　　The Bible itself is all inclusive
　　　　
　　　　Let me also explain that Christians also publish many spiritual books and newspapers, because the truth is difficult to say in a few words
　　　　
　　　　But all these books and newspapers are based on the Bible
　　　　
　　　　If the truth is sought in a way beyond the Bible, the so-called "truth" violates the truth in the Bible, but it is not the truth
　　　　
　　　　In the Bible, the most important truth is nothing more than God's economy:
　　　　
　　　　God's eternal economy,
　　　　
　　　　It is to enable people to,
　　　　
　　　　But not in the Godhead,
　　　　
　　　　Just like him,
　　　　
　　　　And make himself one with man,
　　　　
　　　　Make man one with him,
　　　　
　　　　So that he can show
　　　　
　　　　To expand and expand,
　　　　
　　　　To make all his divine attributes
　　　　
　　　　It can be demonstrated in human beauty.
　　　　
　　　　When God's life is in us, we can naturally live
　　　　
　　　　Finally, Trinity God is the only true God, and there is no other God
　　　　
　　　　〃Ge Yimin: There is no capitalism, no socialism and no Internet in the Bible.
　　　　
　　　　You only believe in the Bible and the Trinity God. It is only the view of some people (i.e. Christians) in the world. Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, etc. do not agree.
　　　　
　　　　But we God disciples do not limit the Bible, and create nerves to be closer to God and truth.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　173 Ge Yimin: Ten pieces of beautiful wisdom that God has given women
　　　　
　　　　Nine shares are given to you. You want all the other women in the world to share the other share. How can this be???
　　　　
　　　　〃Ye Jingfei: Ge Yimin hahaha. Although it's a little fake, it doesn't stop me from being happy.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃The rabbit yearning for a happy life: Who does Ge Shen mean?
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: Nervous author, webmaster of Ge Shenwang.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Who?
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: Ge Shen.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Which criminal is leading the private criminal law?
　　　　
　　　　Who is the criminal who dominates the private criminal law?
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: The song is also clear.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Yuan Chengzhi, Ningbo: Is Ge the man of Muwen?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Yes.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　Ge Yimin: The first beauty in the East!
　　　　
　　　　〃Ye Jingfei: Ge Yimin's hat is so high. Guess if I will faint.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Ge Yimin: Your beauty is not only external, but also internal. It is unique and perfect!
　　　　
　　　　〃礙礙礙礙礙礙礙礙礙礙礙 Moon: Our party has the the final say, whether you are not a hypocrite, or you are a wheel.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Still clamouring to publicize the principle of violating the law? Still inventing various doctrines to confuse China?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Doctrine.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Just admit it. Over the years, your gangs have colluded with Jews and the United States.
　　　　
　　　　Why does your gang have to engage in separatism?
　　　　
　　　　〃Sky guidance kimono: Ge Lai is unified and unified in Ge.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: What's wrong with China?
　　　　
　　　　See when the Chinese sage bar master can shield you.
　　　　
　　　　〃Sky guidance kimono: China does not believe in Ge.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　175. XEQZGFRUMLK: Do you think you are overthrowing? Can you do that?
　　　　
　　　　Why can't you sell your books?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Yes, 20331126, because the official website is free of charge.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: You mean you can move China down at this time?
　　　　
　　　　Where is your official website?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Yes, we moved to China and established Ge State (a vassal state of the United States).
　　　　
　　　　Search Ge Shen.com.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: You can directly send out your Ge Shen website.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: 20331126.xyz
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Predication Dashi: Ha ha, this is the post of God Ge.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xinxin Xiangrong: I know that.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Xu Hanli: I have a problem with God Ge.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xinxin Xiangrong: No, I haven't.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Xu Hanli: There is no one in Shengba now.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xinxin Xiangrong: There are still you. You are everywhere. It seems that there are still several people. I saw them yesterday.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Xu Hanli: There are no old comrades. Everyone who is new calls themselves meaningless.
　　　　
　　　　〃Lu Song: The name refers to the king. Have you analyzed your name? Which king's name is it related to?
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Ge Yimin
　　　　
　　　　Li Shimin
　　　　
　　　　〃Love you, Yue'er: Li Shimin is a man of low blood, and the sage is a man of heaven. Identification is completed.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Xu Hanli: It's just a matter of name. Ge is a heavenly man.
　　　　
　　　　〃礙礙礙礙礙礙礙礙礙: COVID-19 may be popular, please pay attention to safety. Notification completed.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Xu Hanli: God is not afraid.
　　　　
　　　　〃Love you Yue'er: Li Mouzhi has great energy. When he is attacked, it is true. When the kudzu flower does not come out, it can also be regarded as true.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Xu Hanli: You are qualified. Yes, Ge Shen's name is sensitive.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　176. finalseer: the system of providing living vouchers for the poor
　　　　
　　　　, middle class play money game??????
　　　　
　　　　〃Deyang Li Juan: The wealth is equal, and there is no difference between the poor and the rich.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Finalseer: With supernatural powers,,, couples with high spirits can meet in a dream if they live apart in different places. If they can't do,,,,,,,,,,, sexual toilets can't be shared in a dream, and polygamists dream of going to Wushan together.....
　　　　
　　　　〃Deyang Li Juan: Material equality, absolute freedom.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Post Bar Users_ GDba2C2: Where is Hai Ge God? You sealed it yourself?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Huafeng.
　　　　
　　　　〃Brave Niuniu, not afraid of difficulties: Are you dang another name for Ge Dang?
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Sky guidance kimono: No, totally.
　　　　
　　　　〃Brave Niuniu, don't be afraid of difficulties: your reply perspective is Ge Hua's identity reply or Ge Zhenshen's identity reply.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Xu Hanli: Ge Hua.
　　　　
　　　　〃Brave Niuniu, not afraid of difficulties: Which Ge flowers did Ge God record?
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Qian Fenjuan: Yes, 100,000 Ge spend 100,000 soldiers.
　　　　
　　　　〃Brave Niuniu, not afraid of difficulties: Ge Hua recorded in Ge Shen's autobiography is not as many as 100000.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃The prophecy Dashi: I believe it secretly.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　177. Be brave and not afraid of difficulties: Ge Hua in the autobiography of God Ge
　　　　
　　　　It is not a believer but a pusher.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Believers include pushers.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Be brave and brave. Don't be afraid of difficulties. You really want to perform the plot of Remy's Psychological Crime again N times. How many more Haizi must be built before letting go?
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: The one lying on the track?
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Brave Niuniu, not afraid of difficulties: killing people with strange skills does not need a knife.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Use the COVID-19.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: Why did you set up other doctrines without approval?
　　　　
　　　　〃The sky guides kimono: Ge 1 is the only truth of populism.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃XEQZGFRUMLK: We are communist socialism.
　　　　
　　　　〃The sky guides kimono: We are God Party Ge Yimin Doctrine.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Brave Niuniu, don't be afraid of difficulties: Ge, I only knew your wife had cancer before, but I didn't know that you had raised funds. I just searched your name and Shen.com, and it will be revealed on the website that you raised only 370 yuan. How is she now?
　　　　
　　　　〃Sky guidance kimono: It's very good now. It's been four and a half years. We have raised funds several times. Let's go 370 for the last time, and return to the good people.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Brave Niuniu, not afraid of difficulties: Oh, what you said is more detailed than what Bing found out. It's better. She can accompany Ge more and has seen the response to the epidemic once in a thousand years.
　　　　
　　　　〃Sky guidance kimono: haha, 20331126 immortality.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Be brave and brave. Don't be afraid of difficulties: Ge Shenjia's network has long been monitored by the government, and the operating system and app applications provided have all changed into special versions after logging into Ge's account, just like the Monkey King can't escape from the Five Fingers Mountain of the Tathagata. Wait for Ge Shenxue to sing "Wukong": What's the use of immortality.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: No, VPN every day
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Brave Niuniu, not afraid of difficulties: Yes, it is circumstantial evidence that Gehua cannot occupy Station B.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Administrative power was banned, and Ge Huamao's method was adopted.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　178. Be brave, be not afraid of difficulties: there will be eternal seals in eternal life
　　　　
　　　　Go and listen to the Monkey King by Sa Dingding.
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Ge Hua's big day C 20331126, was sealed.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Brave Niuniu, don't be afraid of difficulties: If Ge Hua can reverse the seal, Nanhua Old Immortal will send Ge Shen a new era of "Essential Techniques of Peace".
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: Only nerves.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Brave Niuniu, don't be afraid of difficulties: this is the second time that I told Ge Hua that if Ge Hua could reverse the seal, there would be an immortal who would present Ge Shen's New Era's "Essential Techniques of Peace" in 20331126, which is much better than the dream that Ge is the god and only has this "Nerve".
　　　　
　　　　〃Xu Hanli: I attach importance to your words this time. I look forward to seeing you soon.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃ZKSWYJB: You are from heaven. Please come to the ground to solve the problem of COVID-19. Otherwise, don't say you are from heaven.
　　　　
　　　　The people in heaven should have the use of the people in heaven, even if it is used once a thousand years. OK.
　　　　
　　　　〃Qian Fenjuan: 20331126
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Spring of cx123001: It depends on how the white tiger will break through the dragon pool and tiger cave next year.
　　　　
　　　　〃Prediction of Dashi: King Ge Chuang.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Brave Niuniu, not afraid of difficulties: the immortal's way is "no ego, no ego". It's a pity that his ego died because of the "Muzi Frost". If he is lucky to be able to revive his ego by "Muzi Frost Huan", he will be able to complete the Great Mystery Book to Ge Hua. If the light goes out and the frost goes with Huan, let's let there be more unknown neurosis outside the "Nerve".
　　　　
　　　　〃Sky guidance kimono: Is the immortal you? I know so clearly.
　　　　
　　　　〃〃Brave Niuniu, not afraid of difficulties: I will replace Goddess GOD in Goddess Ge's dream, and ask the New South China Immortal to send him another book instead of Nerve.
　　　　
　　　　Nanhua Laoxian has two feathers and four feet, which is better than the GOD who dreams casually. " "Two Feathers and Four Feet" is a heaven sent opportunity for Nanhua Old Immortals to realize the Tao. The two feathers serve as wings. In an uncertain way, one is "On Education" and the other is "On Economy". The four feet are grounded. One foot laments the loss of a beggar in thousands of buildings on the road for "Walking with Drunken Green City", and the other is "Wandering in Spring City". One foot is the root cause of the sexual touch of "A Visit to a Prostitute in Tang City". The last step is to think about the herding skills of professional division for Pengcheng Job Hunt.
　　　　
　　　　〃Predication of Dashi: Ge Hua wants to say that "Nerve" and "Ge Shenyiwen" are enough.
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　
　　　　179、
                                The ＾wordofgod￣ is god's word, the voice of god's end, the ＾wordofgod￣ of peace is spread, the new heaven and the new earth (communist society) will come, try to bless the scriptures, the chosen people of god, amen!
　　Truth: believe in the god of kris.
　　Copyright divinity net http://www.gegod.com
　　 mailbox sejeme@163.com welcome reprint.
　　
　　The ＾wordofgod￣ is the modern prophetic book, the Chinese god ge yimin works, is the Shinto communist classics, mainly with Shinto, put forward new thinking, also put forward new thinking to communism. There is also a lot of thinking about the current society and life, and the solutions to all these problems. The key words of the ＾wordofgod￣ are peace, equality and love. ＾wordofgod￣ has 27 chapters, current 1000 thousand words, ＾wordofgod￣ has foreign version.￣wordofgod￣ first edition has been published in Hong Kong four seasons press in September 2014, the book number: isbn 978-988-13762-1-3. It has also been registered with the books registration section of the leisure and cultural services department of the hksar government.




舞 将


舞 将


14


15


